what is up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a great show lined up for
you guys today I hope Apple launched
their M4 processor bringing Ray tracing
to the iPad and Microsoft has caught
heat for sudden game Studio closures
including the maker of surprise hit
Hi-Fi Rush uh at risk of spoiling a
little bit of this topic the worst part
of it is was it just after the studio
closure or just before the Studio
closure that Microsoft basically came
out and said we need more games like
those games they just made I remember
which one it was but it was very closely
tied we'll get into it what else we got
today yeah uh you know Sony I'm I'm
going to pull this one out Sony just
keeps digging we we thought we thought
they were out of it you know they added
PSN to Hell divers and then they're like
okay we'll take it away and it's not
back but the reason why everyone was
actually mad is back dude Sony is the
classicist example of a company that
never learns yeah they never ever learn
yeah and we'll talk about that also uh
there there's new handheld news Rog
allyx Nintendo switch 2 stuff's coming
you picked that what else is there all
right
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by ag1
Ridge and back Blaze why don't we jump
right into our headline topic which is
of course the ad that Apple released for
the new iPad uh let's let's get through
what the new iPad is Apple officially
launched their new M4 chip surprising I
mean
anyone who doesn't pay attention to
leaks uh there was some speculation
earlier this week that uh Twitter's AI
uh news summary feature may have access
to scheduled tweets because of how
accurate its summary of the upcoming
Apple event was I don't think that
that's been confirmed I don't think that
that's necessarily gone anywhere I
haven't followed it up so maybe it did
but I saw that I thought it was pretty
funny anyway the new M4 chip is broadly
similar to the M3 but has an additional
two efficiency cores and a 20% increase
in memory
bandwidth um apple is also claiming a
more powerful neural engine and that's
where some of the speculation about why
we're getting an M4 chip before they've
even seemingly finished rolling out the
M3 family I mean anyone else noticed
that the Max studio still has an M2
series chip in it I mean are Mac users
and and by Mac users I don't mean Apple
users I mean specifically Mac not
MacBook are Mac users feeling like just
Apple just straight up doesn't care
about you at all every single time every
single time they come back and they're
like no no we hear you uh you matter to
us here's a new Mac Pro with upgradeable
memory and upgradeable GPU by the way
we're never going to rev this again and
bye-bye oh wait no we haven't forgot
about you here's a Mac Pro that uses
Apple silicon by the way none of the
upgrades and stuff are there and it's
like way more expensive for reasons we
can't fully explain uh uh also we're
just not going to we're just not going
to revise it you're going to be on M2
silicon forever and then our other
products literally the iPad is going to
get M4 before you guys get M3 it's it's
it's kind of it's kind of mind-blowing
at this point anyway the more powerful
neural engine is fueling speculation
that Apple has accelerated their plans
for M4 with all this AI in the news and
to make sure that their stock price
doesn't go down because they don't have
enough AI honestly I kind of doubt it
realistically Apple's at a level where
people do not invest in Apple
for AI people invest in Apple because
they have a very very beautiful
wonderful balance sheet on a quarterly
basis um anywh who uh benchmarks from
geekbench show the M4 easily beating
untils core i91 14900 K in terms of
single core performance of course we've
talked about this a fair bit in the past
geekbench is not the Beall and endall of
performance it's just convenient to run
because it happens to be crossplatform
and the chip is launching in the first
iPad to feature Ray tracing and Hardware
accelerated mesh shading man if only
they would let you run Mac OS on it it
would be like kind of the best Mac OS
machine with a little folio um Apple
also announced the new M2 powered iPad
Air which is actually slightly thicker
than the iPad Pro the iPad Pro is crazy
thin and that's where some of the
marketing it's weird hubub has come from
it is you're going to call it air and
have it be the thicker version that is
weird I mean look it's cool that the pro
is so thin I'm just saying look Luke
this is the company what bring you Mac
Pro Mac
Pro Mac Pro all of which are completely
different products with completely
different characteristics they don't the
the trash can one doesn't even look the
same as the other ones this is also the
company what BR you uh oh I'm trying to
think a shoot no I was going somewhere
with this but oh yeah yeah Ultra
Max Pro Ultra I don't even I don't even
remember literally their most important
product line has gotten bloated to the
point where it's kind of a mess the
iPhone used to be simple it used to be
here's the new
iPhone oh by the way you can still buy
the old iPhone and it's cheaper yeah
then we got I'm trying to think of the
exact order that things happen then we
got the SE oh yeah yeah and the SE kind
of made sense it was clearly separated
from the rest of the product line it
didn't have the same premium feel you
know unapologetically plastic uh but but
kind of made sense and then things just
got completely off the rails because now
we've got we've got pros we've got Pro
Maxes we've got X is where it really
went off the off the rails for me person
sry X iPhone x iPhone 10 oh oh the
iPhone 10
right it's just like that was where they
they really lost me um yeah I'm excited
while we're talking about naming stuff
I'm going to allude to something I want
to talk about later I don't want to talk
about it now though but uh yeah like
what the heck are they going to call the
the new Switch oh well because a lot of
news articles are saying switch too but
all they said is successor to the switch
there's no way Nintendo calls it switch
2 well we'll get we'll get into that
later all right fine f make a note in
the Luke section then uh they also
launched the pencil Pro which is only
compatible with the 2024 iPad Pro and
iPad Air and another notable detail is
that upgrading the M4 iPad Pro to the 1
TB model will also get you a more
powerful 10 core processor versus the
nine core standard one which is uh very
MacBook like I thought it was uh I
thought it was the 512 as well uh so
don't don't quote me on that but
definitely you can get a more powerful
processor by upgrading the storage I
guess is this apple sort of tacitly
acknowledging that people uh that that
maybe they shouldn't be charging so much
for just storage upgrades so they're
going to Nerf the processor in their
lower tier model so that you feel like
you're getting more value I'm I'm
actually not sure
anyway there was an ad for the new iPad
Pro and I have what I suspect is going
to be a pretty unpopular take on it I
wonder if it'll be unpopular with people
here here is the commercial we're going
to watch it which is still up by the way
in spite of the fact actually no let's
not watch the whole thing cuz I don't
feel like getting you know dmca by Apple
but the point is basically there's a
whole bunch of stuff uh you know you got
a piano you got a metronome you got a
whole bunch of what looks like DJ
equipment a filming slate whole bunch of
stuff uh there's some lenses and some
art supplies they crush it under a
gigantic what appears to be a hydraulic
press but I don't know might be a prop
who knows uh and then they lift it back
up to
reveal the new I iPad Pro look at it go
oh my goodness look okay legitimately
looks
incredibly which is which is pretty darn
cool so this has caused a pretty big
stir I'm going to I'm going to read the
notes and then I'm going to kind of give
you my take sure um the commercial
features of blah blah blah blah blah
blah okay Apple uh oh no we'll get to
that the ad was particularly unpopular
in Japan with some people calling it
disgusting and evil uh a few Japanese
commentator connected this revulsion to
the traditional Shinto belief that tools
and household belongings can come to
possess their own kind of Soul with the
passing of time and therefore deserve to
be treated with a level of dignity and
respect uh Hugh Grant came out saying uh
hold on let me see if I can
find uh quote Apple iPad uh Pro hold on
let me see if I can find it um he called
it the destruction of The Human
Experience courtesy of silicon Val
um
so just wait till he finds out by
AI Apple seems okay this is from my
notes to have intended this as a
metaphor for how all of the functions of
these items are included with the iPad
however others particularly artists saw
it as a dystopian visual metaphor of an
impersonal industrial machine destroying
symbols of human
creativity all right
so here comes the hot
take I'm with apple on this one also I
think apple is still with apple on this
one they apologized for it and left the
ad up and left the ad up because I think
the cold hard truth is that Apple
recognizes that this is a storm in a
teacup and that people generally
speaking understood what they were
saying and here's the thing I get that
art is in the eye of the beholder and
the meaning of art can be in the eye of
of The Interpreter right and in many
cases there there there are many
examples of of art where the the writer
be it of a song or the or the or the
painter be it of uh of a
painting goes out of their way to never
completely explain what it meant and and
that's that's part of the fun of it
right where they're basically like no I
want I want you to form your own opinion
I want you to find your own meaning in
this obviously it had some kind of
meaning to me or maybe it didn't who
knows obviously it had some kind of
meaning to me but I want to know I want
to know what it means to you um so
people if you guys can I'm examples are
escaping me so float plane chat if you
want to hit me with with a couple of
famous examples of that that would be
great just so that everyone can kind of
enjoy that um but that's not what this
is Apple has come out and said what they
meant by it so for us to go well it
meant this other thing I think is what
what did they say
specifically is this something you
already said did I miss it actually you
know what no I don't think I don't think
they did say it I think probably thought
they thought it was obvious sorry I was
going based on our notes they seem to
have intended this as a metaphor for how
all the functions of these items are
included Within thep
and to me that is that is pretty obvious
um Tarantino in that stupid briefcase
says Lucid Lucy okay yes okay so there
that's that's a good example um but yeah
I would I would have thought that would
be pretty obvious and to me to to take
what you were watching and say oh well
we don't care about the the the human
Artistry of anything anymore is sort of
silly because Apple's not saying they
didn't put humans in a hydraulic
press they put tools in a hydraulic
press and all they were saying was
here's another tool here's a tool that
does so many of the things this this
thing does and I think
that I think it's manufactured outrage
basically there's a there's a take from
someone at Philip chat from a lot
earlier in the show um guran mkd that
says lonus I heard your point on the
iPad ad I think you missed the point of
why people are upset it's tone deaf
because the iPad doesn't replace needing
a piano or and hold on let me get to the
end um it's don't n because uh the iPad
doesn't replace anying of piano or paint
or TV or the other things the iPad isn't
able to do the tactile feel and artistic
expression from having objects the iPad
is a tool that can support those tasks
your take that people are upset because
the iPad doesn't replace the artist is
not the reason why people are upset
Red Bull doesn't give you wings I don't
know it does one thing that's
interesting to me is do we know because
I've seen some people say so but I
haven't seen any official statements for
it do we know if it was CGI or
real um I'm not sure cuz it doesn't look
real to me at least some parts of
it like the uh when it squishes the face
of the thing the little toy
thing yeah there were things that looked
wrong to me um but I don't know yeah I'm
not sure so I don't want
to uh apparently it's CGI with a lot of
video but how do we know that because
I've seen people say that but I've only
seen random people on like in in Threads
say that I haven't seen any official
thing saying
that so okay evulsion says lus I see
your a point however there's a strong
argument that even works with an
established intended meaning uh where it
can have meaning beyond that which is up
to the interpretation of the viewer and
and that's fair enough but getting angry
about it isn't really helpful if
someone's intent was not the thing that
you see in something then we have to be
sort of we have to acknowledge that we
have to kind of go
oh okay well that that that immediate
emotional reaction that I had um was not
your intention and I think in general
and we we've said this when people
really like ads and stuff too is like
just
have your general like balance and
happiness and whatnot a lot less
connected to Brands like when when
Wendy's and other various Brands were
running wild on Twitter there for a
while and people were like emotionally
invested in like these Brands dunking on
people it was like just as cringe
because it's like dude it's just
marketing it's just Brands just ignore
it this isn't like good for you you're
losing the
game H so in general I uh I think this
is much to do about nothing I think
their intended uh I think their intended
purpose was very clear
um I I I I think that we have far more
pressing concerns especially because the
the iPad has been such an artist's tool
and yeah you're right it doesn't replace
a piano in the same way that a synth
doesn't replace a piano right but it
absolutely is an instrument of artistic
expression and to deny that would
be I I I don't know I I I I think if I
use words so is your phone so is so is
anything a rock so is a garbage can lid
anything can be a tool for artistic
expression and all Apple was trying to
say was that this tool for artistic
expression can
combine metaphorically theun
of everything you see here they
obviously recognize that a Swiss army
knife okay is not the world's best knife
it is not the world's best pair of
tweezers and it is not the world's best
toothpick in fact it is not a toothpick
at all because I don't know about you
guys but for me the toothpick gets lost
immediately okay immediately it's just
garbage but that doesn't mean if if if
Swiss Victorinox or whatever the the
company that makes Swiss Army knives if
they made a commercial like that where
they took you know a shovel and and a
whatever and and they compressed it all
they compressed it all into this Swiss
army knife I'd love to see someone dig
with a Swiss suck dude we we wouldn't be
having the same conversation no probably
not I mean there's there's a million
other people are linking all these in um
in in flow plane chat right now there's
a ton of other ads that are like
effectively the same thing um like
people posted this one from LG where's
my thing here it
is someone's like uh by your logic a
firearm could be used as artistic
expression have you ever seen a firearm
with a skin on
it no seriously there's there's a I
guarantee you someone has tried to draw
a picture with a firearm at some point
yeah and people used to do uh not used
to they still do it like stipple art on
on plastic and leathery ones and they
used to do wood engraving and look you
might not like that form of art you
might not like what they're expressing
what if what they're expressing is their
is their Second Amendment right to bear
arms and shoot guns at
things that's human expression you you
don't get to just
say that's oh where's your violin like
no literally anything can be a form of
human expression yes even a gun Tri said
pain pting Firearms is huge in the
industry now painting Firearms has been
huge in the industry for well yeah long
time do you guys remember the video of
the guy playing a Christmas song firing
a gun no I haven't actually I haven't
actually seen that it isn't it isn't my
point though it isn't my point we're not
saying it's good or bad artistic
expression we're we're seeing it just it
just is and you don't get to you don't
get to gatekeep it um so yeah sorry guys
I don't I don't care um I actually fully
defend Apple in this case okay so in so
do you they should leave the ad up do
you so you defend them leaving the ad up
and not apologizing for it they did
Apologize do you but they left it
up I'm with them on it do you think it's
a good ad if if there was no controversy
yeah nobody talked about it because
nobody talked about the bunch of other
ads that are exactly the same thing yeah
yeah I I no I think I think it's a good
ad I think their previous ad was better
which one um someone linked this as well
but I remember this and I think we even
talked about on W show but this
one you remember this ad what is this
what's a computer yeah this is not a
better ad no I don't even I don't even
know what the I'm looking at right
now what do you mean
like okay what I can I could draw on it
yeah I think the whole point of this ad
was that she can do a lot of the things
you can do on a computer but she can do
it on an iPad that's all it was I
guess it just it it takes a really long
time to get to the point that's fair
that is a that is a that that is a 68c
ad yeah so I guess okay hold on I should
clarify then I don't think that I don't
think it's bad I think that it is you
think the compression one is better it's
struggling to hold my attention and so
the percentage of that that I would be
likely to watch before clicking skip ad
is much lower whereas I think that the
hydraulic press ad is very much designed
for now
interesting I don't know what the music
plan was I watched it on but like
basically I'm sure there's some dramatic
music but like something exciting is
going to happen right and they do a
great job of kind of cutting in for for
dynamic interesting looking colorful
closeups you you you kind of can't look
away from
it and that that gripping this while
without being so explicit that's the
other thing like that iPad ad that's
something I could have
storyboarded well yeah I don't know
let's just have a little girl like do a
bunch of stuff with it that it does like
that's
not it's it it says it explicitly
whereas the hydraulic press ad says it
implicitly which maybe was their mistake
because it allows people to kind of
insert their own narrative here about
you're destroying AI yeah AI destroying
art and not having respect for for you
know classical instruments of of
creation right
but no I wanted to compare the views on
them because I know this iPad ad
actually got you know 2 2.3 million
views yeah um but I can't find what's a
computer actually posted by Apple that's
because Apple pulls down their old
marketing collateral instead of just
leaving it up uh in fact they they sent
if I they sent some kind of legal notice
to someone who uh archived all of their
old advertising collateral and were B
basically like you need to take this
down you need to delete it all and it's
like sorry what like that's lame cuz
they some cool advertising you
guys you should you literally pay money
to have people watch this and then
you're like no no no don't keep don't
keep watching it that's oh that's the
old one so to be clear there there's
still plenty of things that I think
apple is so far up their own asses about
that they will never see the light of
day ever again oh yeah this commercial
just isn't one of them what jump into
our next topic here you want to pick it
people are also pointing out this is an
interesting one trig in uh in flow plane
chat is pointing out that the like
original iPhone 1
commercials do try to make effectively
the same point that they're like rep not
really cuz not musical instruments but
they're trying to show that like the
iPhone is replacing lots of different
objects and if you remember a lot of the
marketing around smartphones and they
originally came out was like you don't
have to have all these things anymore
you just have a phone this is is like
none of these are new marketing points
yeah I think this is one of those things
where it just happened to land at a
moment of high
sensitivity around this subject um and I
think the I think that's actually part
of why people were so upset about the
recent um gamer food video as well so it
was right on the heels of one or two
high-profile channels basically leaving
YouTube or or pay Walling most most of
their content on their own sites our
gamer food video okay yeah so so we were
try we've been trying to figure out like
what happened there and there were
definitely some issues in the way that
it was messaged and the way that it was
cut I did end up watching it and I do
agree yeah there were issues but how mad
people were like how incredibly angry
they were um didn't seem to really match
um the the the the sin that we had
committed and we were kind of trying to
figure out why it was and it does seem
like that was a significant contribution
to how upset people were because the
wounds were a little raw and I think
that's probably what we're seeing right
here we're seeing open wounds in the
artistic Community around computers
replacing Human Art but that isn't what
Apple was trying to say at all obviously
yeah the iPad has never even a little
bit has never been and it could be with
you know third- party software you could
do generative AI art stuff on it but
that's never been Apple's message Apple
has always positioned their professional
tools as for creators of Art and the
fact that they had it taking the place
of tools for creators of art means that
that was the message these tools now
this tool and it's so thin those other
things couldn't possibly hope to fit in
this hydraulic press yeah and like do
people in chat like Monty Hawk is saying
and copyright is going to be continue to
be bypassed by AI with vague and hidden
BS with more scraping of data and theft
totally the ad had literally 0% to do
with that that's that's the this is the
thing that we're kind of talking about
is like we think and I agree with lus it
makes sense we think there's a lot of
rage coming from that area attacking
this thing but this thing was saying
nothing about AI it isn't what Apple was
trying to say obviously but is not toned
deaf to say when that open wound of AI
replacing artist is ongoing but that's
the thing right like if we know what
they're trying to say and we know that
what they're trying to say is not the
thing that we're upset about then what's
toned deaf about it like is our response
to them ton deaf is is intentionally if
I know what you're trying to say and I
know that it's not the thing that's
upsetting to
me I'm the one being irrational yeah if
I go well I'm going to be mad anyway
not them that's not on them
intentionally misunderstanding someone
that's up don't do that yeah why
would you do that even for no other
reason than it's just a waste of time
and energy for yourself yeah just chill
why be mad it's just a it's just some
freaking ad there's grass man go touch
it go touch it it's okay maybe go touch
it with a paintbrush you know there's
water there's water restrictions in
place you can't water it if you live
around
outside these days go paint outside get
some green paint get it on there paint
your lawn
you took him a while to figure out what
I was talking about oh yeah I thought
you were just like fancily telling
people to go touch grass I didn't
realize you were like there's a dra
there's a Dr go paint your grass screen
oh sick it's like wow condescending much
okay twitch chat you lost your chat
privileges
sorry go paint your employees car
exactly oh man all right I think it's
one of those things where it's getting
worse because the global stress levels
are so high small perceived slight yeah
it's just that's that's what we're kind
of saying it's like you get that but
just relax oh man there's so many
there's so many like legitimately scary
things to be mad about yeah we should
legitimately be upset about the whole
like AI generative like they took our
jobs situation there's tons of problems
there that Apple ad just isn't it yeah
so why why invest the energy in it save
it it's like Hugh Grant look strength no
offense but when's the last time you
made a movie that I wouldn't just watch
on my
iPad boom roasted H Grant what does he
make he was actually in that Dungeons
and Dragons movie that was very good oh
yeah I I I I legitimately actually I I
do enjoy he very
recently oh yeah oh no no I I know I
know I know I was just
no I was just I was I was I was just
quing grant yeah he's cool you you don't
know actors I don't know anybody I know
it's
sad anyway why don't we move on
Microsoft has been catching okay okay
back to things that you should be mad
about here here is a legitimate here's a
legitimate channel for that energy this
could take some action Microsoft has
suddenly closed three three Studios that
it acquired alongside Bethesda including
Tango Gameworks the developer of the
award-winning and widely praised Hi-Fi
Rush Arcane oh sorry uh HiFi Rush
uh oh oh AR how do I pronounce
aen uh I think that's supposed to be
Austin oh that makes way more sense
Arcane Austin developer of prey and
redfall was another loss meaning that
development of red Arcane studios in
Austin Texas is effectively over and its
promised DLC has been cancelled uh
purchasers of the hero pass that
promised access to this future DLC will
instead receive a credit of unknown
value neat and the studio head at Arcane
Austin's sister Studio Arcane Leon
called the closure aing gut stab uh fans
meanwhile have been reverse review
bombing Hi-Fi Rush with positive reviews
in a show of support according to
reporting from Bloomberg even more
Microsoft studios are likely to close in
the near future due to a widespread cost
cutting initiative there's other reasons
as well maybe we'll get into them here
I'm not sure during a Bloomberg event
Xbox president Sarah Bond gave a nonan
to the question of whether launching a
surprise hit game should protect a
developer from being shut down as the
camera cut to a wide shot showing a very
interesting graph of Xbox's
year-over-year
growth Here Comes our very interesting
graph yeah
all
right cool are you allowed to call it
growth I guess growth could be a
negative number that makes sense Xbox
game studios head Matt booty also
inflamed the controversy when it was
reported that he told employees during
an internal meeting a day after the
closures that Xbox needed smaller games
that give us Prestige and awards which
is the the defense that I've heard
around that yes um
is that Hi-Fi Rush was actually a
surprisingly large game in the sense of
the like cost of development Studio size
and stuff like that but I I would still
argue that it out preceded expectation I
mean when we talk about big games these
days we're talking about you know
quadruple a games in my mind Honestly
though like I when you when you tell me
a big game these days you try to compare
budgets of so yeah I'm sitting here
going okay well is it cyber punk you
know is it GTA 6 like what what's what's
a big game so when you say small layer
games he didn't even say small smaller
games that give us Prestige and awards
yeah I don't know enough about the size
of like um what was it was it Arcane a
no Tango Gameworks I don't know I don't
know anything about the size of of that
so I can't really compare it and the
whole AAA nomenclature is weird these
days anyways cuz like what does it even
mean any I heard I don't remember where
I heard this but I heard that the
original for that came from like the fin
industry and it was supped to
essentially Define games that were like
a safe investment because they were like
leaning on IPS that people knew would
sell and stuff like that and that's just
not what the AAA industry is anymore
here's my
question if they're so strapped for cash
could they have just not bought Beth
bought a bunch of
Studios yeah I wonder a bunch of Studios
could they have just not bought Bethesda
specifically I wonder how is
specifically the the failure of
Starfield that's an interesting question
I I talked about this on the W show I
don't know how long ago but I I had a
discussion topic I don't know how we got
onto this but I talked about how um I I
think there were some quotes from the
director of publishing from laran or
something in there as well but uh I I
talked about how one of the big problems
with these subscription Services is that
the companies running the subscription
services are just going to want games
that sell the subscription service yep
and they're going to have their own
internal metrics which probably have
deeply flawed aspects of them like
they're not going to be perfect yep so
they'll they'll do it databased on
whatever not databased as in a database
yeah but Based on data dat data driven
decision making there we go yeah they'll
do that but then what if the data is
junk and I suspect a lot of that data is
going to lead them to massive titles
that bring in all of the people instead
of these small games that like you know
someone might subscribe to the service
because they're like I want I want to
play the new Halo or whatever um but
what they actually spend all their time
playing because Halo sucks now is stuff
like um Hi-Fi rush or or whatever else
but if they on their exiting survey and
their their the first game they play
when they sign up if those aren't these
smaller titles it might not bring light
to them and if should be to see the
Playtime though yeah but if you have a
bunch of playtime yeah I don't know it's
it it totally depends on how they're
measuring that data it also it also is
I'm I I guarantee you look I don't I
don't work at Microsoft I don't work
within the Xbox team but I guarantee you
that there's an element of this that's
political as well because anytime you
just have a bucket of money someone is
going to decide what to do with that
money if all of these games were selling
on on their own individual Merit
generating their own Revenue then it
would be directly attributable right
back to the team that worked on it
whereas if all of these games are minor
contributors to a gigantic bucket of
money called Game Pass Revenue that
someone or
someone's is in charge of divvying up
kind of going okay so reinvestment wise
uh this is going to go into what we
think is a good over here and this is
going to go into what we think is a good
bet over here just because you made
something great last time that
contributed uh a whole bunch of
subscribers a whole bunch of playtime
doesn't necessarily mean that you will
be divvied anything so it's actually the
complete and what's funny is cuz what
what if they don't believe in your
vision for your next proposed project
then instead of you just automatically
having the money for it anyway because
your last project did really well you
could just be rug pulled and
everything's gone and what's funny about
this is I remember us having
conversations about how subscription
Services could be uh a savior for
smaller game developers they and and and
they could have it sort of was for a
little bit there and they could have
been because this this idea that instead
of feast and famine where you launch
your game you get a whole bunch of
Revenue You Squirrel it away like like a
like a squirrel saving nuts okay you
squirrel it away and then you kind
of ration it out until you can get your
next game launched um that wasn't
sustainable right and so the idea that
you could just have a little bit of
consistent Revenue trickling in on a
more regular basis by contributing to
this pool of games that people can play
you know games Netflix style it all it
all seemed like a a pretty happy
idea here's here's another part of the
problem so I I don't think this was in
the notes but
and if I click on the fortune.com
article to try to actually get the whole
thing uh there's a giant ad that I can't
get past to pay money of Fortune so I'm
just going to read off of the the Google
search result for it but it says uh
speaking about the closures more broadly
booty said that the company Studios had
been spread too thin like peanut butter
on bread which I thought was a really
weird analogy for spread too thin but
sure um and that leaders across the
division had felt underst staffed and
they decided to close these Studios to
free up resources elsewhere so they
bought all these things right didn't
have the the like highle leadership to
to manage all these sub Studios now and
then we're just like and closed
it what a waste like there there's like
embracer group just like bought a bunch
of stuff and then closed them and
Microsoft just bought a bunch of stuff
and closed them like this isn't going to
make people get interested in your other
garbage games that you're releasing it's
just going to
create more people buying other stuff
unrelated to you like if we if we look
at a lot of the really big successes as
to late they have not been big Microsoft
titles what about Halo
infinite it's just not working like the
the the buy them and close the model is
not going to be effective pretty much
guaranteed and I just I gota I got to
kind of Wonder right like Bean counters
you know
if you if your bean counting calculation
goes okay this Bean costs $1
billion okay um so you buy it for a
billion dollars nice and then you
basically go it's a solid Bean right
there okay let's throw away this bean I
can fit so much fiber in that bean yeah
um what's your plan like how did that
how did that make it past how did that
make it past the you know that you know
that old meme format where the guy gets
like hucked out of the window of the
boardroom like how how did it make it
past that guy yeah yeah I I I actually
don't get it and and to be clear um you
know it's not like as a company we've
never overextended ourselves and and
been in a position where you know having
twice as many people is is you know
actually less efficient right like it's
it's not like we aren't at a size where
I get that growth has pains but you
don't have to buy things and they did
they closed it so fast didn't buy
Bethesda that long ago no like it's very
quickly
no my goodness oh man but throwing away
the bean is a tax write off droptable
employees and float plane chat you're
banned I'm kidding I'm kidding you're
not banned I do Wonder like how much
like how much of this is just like
stock like minor stock manipulation
at if if they have all these
Studios like is it is it better from a
stockh holders perspective or someone
potentially purchasing a stock this is
stuff I am not good at don't know a lot
about so big warning before people get
pissed off um from from that perspective
is it better for them to just focus on
future Revenue than care about what's in
the bank right now and I think yes right
so they can spend fairly recklessly to
like buy Studios as long as they're
sharpening the sword for the future is
that is that how the like capitalist St
stock market perspective goes so what
you want if you are an acquisition
company which at a certain point they
are every company is you're essentially
just what when's the last time Microsoft
invented anything and you can basically
say that about any gigantic multi-
hundreds of billions of dollars company
some of them do they just buy small they
do very real research and development
but a lot of the time they're just
they're out there acquiring they buy
open AI they're acquiring they're
acquiring they're acquiring so at a
certain level pretty much every company
is an acquisition company so they take
capital from shareholders from investors
and they use that Capital to buy
something that has recurring Revenue
then they basically just need to
maintain whatever their target balance
of Revenue to who operational expenses
is and if they don't then their share
price crashes their creditworthiness
tanks and they are in enormous trouble
because they have a bunch of debt right
because they needed that investment in
order to make those Acquisitions yeah so
it becomes this it becomes this wheel
that they have to keep running on to
constantly show a really high operating
in
which is that which is that uh operating
Revenue minus operational
expenses uh calculation and so what they
might do is buy something and then if it
doesn't immediately spend the money
machine fast enough by shedding
it well a penny saved is a penny earned
yeah and from an investor
standpoint the the Minor Details like
like the amount of money that they had
to spend to to reach that number on a
quarter by quarter by quarter by quarter
basis uh doesn't really matter as long
as they find some other thing to acquire
that like does more better or some other
thing that you know does whatever it's
it's just effectively cost of doing
business there is no human element to
any of
this and that's why you see decisions
like this being made that's why you see
this level of recklessness um or or Cal
I guess is probably the better word um
the example of Tesla just laying off
their supercharging change though
because they they bought Bethesda for
like around 10% of just the cash on hand
that they had so I I don't know I mean
it was probably still done as some debt
purchase because whatever but
um I guess what I'm trying to say is
that immediate loss on Bethesda doesn't
really matter as long as they maintain
that ratio this this is what I was
trying this was also point that I was
effectively trying to like does spending
the money effectively not matter and
then they try to sharpen the sword
afterwards so like the purchase of
Studios from these large companies means
honestly next to nothing yeah like it's
um and and and they can play an
extremely long game as long as they
don't run out of capital like I I think
I've talked about this before but when
one of my friends um has a has an
independently owned Veterinary practice
and oh yeah um she was talking to me
about the nightmare that it was to be
bidding on the veterinary practice that
she worked at so she worked there she
started as an employee and is now the
owner but her journey there was arduous
um and as she was reaching the final
stages of her negotiation to purchase
the veterinary practice um the the
problem was that she was bidding against
a large
could call them a Veterinary company but
remember what I just said any company
once it's large enough is just an
acquisition company so what they really
are are an acquisition and holding
company that happens to focus on
investments into Veterinary practices
because it's a space that they are
deeply invested in which can come with
strategic advantages which I'll get to
in a second and so the problem that she
had was typically you would value a
business on some multiple of their
earnings before something something I
forget whatever it's called eida so you
know let's say 3 to to 5x for a business
that's not expected to experience any
kind of explosive growth and what that
essentially means is let's say that
number was $10 million um I would expect
to buy uh your your your Veterinary
practice that makes um $2 million a year
I would expect to buy it for somewhere
between 6 and10 million and the idea is
that if I continue to run it well I will
make back my $6 to10 million in 3 to 5
years and if it's a business that's
expected to grow then you would expect a
higher multiplier because if I run it
competently well it should grow and I
should I should make my money back in an
even shorter period of time and you can
see much much higher eidas in fields
like Tech where they're expecting this
company to explosively grow in the next
two years to the point where they might
get that return in you know 18 months
right well a Veterinary practice isn't
like that you know they're they're
probably going to be pretty consistent
yeah you might see you might see steady
growth unless everyone buys pets because
of covid or something like that that
there there's no way you can see it
coming but there's only so many there's
only so many operating rooms you know
there's only so many dogs you can cut
open at a time and um and and so so
there's there's kind of limit but true
yes there's kind of limits to to how
much it can grow and so you know
somewhere somewhere in the 3 to four to
5x um ranges is probably reasonable for
something like that but what she was up
against was a company that was bidding
about double
that and she's looking at it going this
makes no real sense like how the the the
cost um like I I I have to have debt in
order to I I have that kind of money
sitting in the bank it's it's millions
of dollars what even a vet right they
they don't have millions of dollars of
cash in the bank it doesn't work like
that like you have to you have to take
on debt in order to make an acquisition
like that and um so how does this make
any sense the amount of interest I'm
going to be
paying right so but she's up against a
group that is playing such a long long
game they just don't even care that they
don't care they want effectiv
monopolistic ownership of all the
veterinary practices in the the general
areas they're operating they're playing
such a long game and their shareholders
don't care about that big hit to the
balance sheet this quarter what they
care about is is the money machine
what's the path turning out consistent
income and then once there's no nothing
else to acquire well they still have to
have that go up so what they do is well
now that they control all the veterinary
practices in the Vancouver area they
jack up the prices um and that's the end
game it destroys
everything and the reality of it is that
Regulators are not going to get involved
in community Veterinary practices
because it's not a monopoly in the in
the you know strictest sense of the word
it's anticompetitive sure but I mean
realistically when there are so much
bigger battles to fight like you know
the $400 Band-Aid that might end up on
your invoice at a at a hospital for
example what so so like your your dog's
broken leg cost you more because some
company owns all the vet legs I'm sorry
I don't have time for this it's
something that would be nice if they
pursued and I'm happy that these days
they do seem to be doing roughly
anything um but yeah there might be
bigger fish so I um so so basically yeah
that's the that's the long and short of
it they don't care because they don't
care because it just doesn't matter to
them um which really
sucks oh so the the good news for my
friend who who owns the practice is that
Dr Smith is a good guy one of those
people who actually puts people above
money and uh and took took the took the
human offer that's cool yeah that's
actually really good to know yeah so if
you guys are ever ever need need help
with uh don't don't assume most people
are going to do that either most most
people would take the big offer and and
you can tell yourself all day you can
tell yourself all day and night I would
take it I I would take the human offer
and then the offer's on the table and
then and then there's literally millions
of millions of dollars at stake it's in
front of you the document is there all
you have to do is sign it pretty much no
one's going to know that you did this
most people will sign it y um but it was
uh it was pretty cool so Dr Smith super
cool and um yeah yeah shout out shout
out my friend cind from phaser Heights
Animal Hospital um really really good
good person um yeah she she's super cool
so if you guys I don't think they they
don't do birds unfortunately for L um
they specialize in dogs and cats but our
our vet is actually they're they're very
nice people they're just really far
away that's the main annoying
part um we're supposed to explain and do
two merch messages shall we yeah
you want me to do it yeah why don't you
do you always do it merch messages are
the premier way of sending messages into
show into the show there are others and
they are inferior this is the way to do
it you get stuff could you buy a gift
card yes if you really just wanted
nothing but you should probably you know
get something for your your your message
that you choose to send into the store
yeah if you choose to do so you can go
onto the store pick an item add it to
your cart view your cart
and there you go on the cart page you
can see the merch message you can check
the little box I would like my purchase
to appear as a merch message on the LTT
stream and then leave whatever message
you want to leave you can pick your
little color you can do all that type of
stuff you can make it Anonymous if you
want Etc and then either uh you'll say
bad things that we don't want to show up
on the show and we'll hide it and it
will never be shown to anyone uh or Dan
will read it and go like I can respond
to that he'll respond on to it through
text and then it will show up on the
bottom of the screen where this Banner
currently is it'll show your message and
then it will show Dan's response or one
of the uh or lonus or myself will do a
text response or it will be selected as
a discussion question for lonus and I
and Dan potentially to discuss live on
the show dark 24 on float plane says I
hate stuff I just want to buy words hey
good news you're subscribed to float
plane yeah you did it good job you
succeeded
you found you found the place where we
will take your money to have to have
colorful colorful your name and colorful
words yeah oh and also you know behind
the scenes and all that kind of cool
stuff uh we do have some updates on the
store so we finally finally brought back
some of our Classic t-shirts Ram hard
drive processor and GPU are all back
that's right my friends the processor
shirt is so sick we even took photos and
this is really funny uh Maria sent me
this uh earlier today she was like dude
I don't know how you did this is it
exactly the same but your picture looks
exactly the same oh okay this goes to
the same one every time okay hold on
I'll get
this this man has practice Yeah your
your hands are in slightly different
positions but they're very simar yeah
she was like dude wow what the the the
head is like identical this is this is
not like photosho these are not two are
these are these are two completely
different pictures taken like a couple
minutes apart where I walked off I
walked off the the photo set changed my
shirt walked back stood there and
absolutely nailed it that's
awesome so yeah can oh get over Elijah's
a breaking news lonus looks like lonus
that's not the point Elijah
Xavier exact same Xavier says the
wrinkles are
different my goodness in the shirt the
shirt people that didn't like the Apple
ad the shirt wrinkles are different I
know what they meant it wasn't the shirt
wrinkles it was the real ones don't make
me go get more
procedures oh my goodness no I'm
done um all right actual merch message
time Dan hit us sure sure hey
few notes there's a few notes uh these
are printed on our old American Apparel
blanks apparently oh what uh and the
hard drive and RAM shirts are still
being printed so shipping for those will
be a little bit delayed limited
quantities available oh I see so we're
just blowing away some leftover American
Apparel shirt stock okay cool I mean the
American appar shirts they were good
enough for us to sell for many years
good shirts I do like our new ones
better but yeah but hey but they're good
shirts classic designs let's go okay
sorry go ahead hey lentil lungs and door
I've noticed the last few these are
getting really weird I've noticed that
the last few handheld PC videos haven't
mentioned the steam deck much is that
because it's not a good comparison
because of price or performance what it
isn't is an Apples to Apples comparison
the steam deck is an incredible console
but for the same reason that I wouldn't
necessarily talk about
the Nintendo switch in the same breath
as every new handheld PC I also so am
beginning to view the steam deck in a
bit of a Different Light it excuse me is
priced very aggressively which is
amazing it offers a very conso like
experience where instant wake instant
sleep um are are integral to the
experience uh it's a it's a fantastic
console um but much like a console its
library is a little bit more limited and
a lot of that's it's not valve's fault
it's due to um you know whether it's the
developer of the game or the developer
of the antiche it's it's down to
developers uh either refusal or or
unwillingness to build Linux support
into their games um I mean yeah I guess
it's I guess it's mostly that uh but
it's it's just a different product it's
an amazing product the OLED per verion
oh man the screen on it is just incred
but I also have a tendency to lean more
toward lean on my own experiences when
I'm evaluating products and the reality
of it is that Rog Ally won I I don't
daily drive a steam deck because for me
the tradeoffs the the things that I give
up for being on windows are not worth
what I gain by being on a steam deck of
course you know these are devices that
you know one of each is sitting in the
warehouse so I don't have to necessarily
consider the price I was just going to
say if if yeah you're covering it now
but the steam deck is significantly
cheaper yeah the steam deck is an
amazing piece of Hardware it's also not
as performant as the latest handheld PCS
and that's that's again that's part of
the tradeoff when did it launch it's
been a minute dude yeah it's been a few
years at this point I think CU it was
what 20120 2020 I know it when when it
was announced we were doing wow remotely
um it it it did not launch in 2022 did
it oh my goodness it's 2024 okay yeah oh
wow okay so my problem there wasn't that
I didn't realize how long ago the steam
deck launched I didn't realize what year
it
was what is time it's current year oh
anyway wow that's
scary so um Noy asks do you feel proton
OS has M matured enough to be
competitive as an OS I don't know maybe
it's
ever actually released the bloody thing
we'd be able to have a conversation
about that sorry sorry you've just
you've touched a bit of a nerve because
I've been putting off the Linux
challenge V2 for the release of Steam OS
and every time I ask those guys hey
how's it going they're
like we're on it and I'm like right but
that's not what I asked I asked is it
can it be on my computer not are you on
it um and and it just keeps not
appearing and I get it valve's
a well I was going to say busy company
but they've got some stuff going on no
they got stuff going on making lots of
money yeah and you know what I'm willing
to bet that they have some wild skunk
work stuff probably who knows if they'll
ever release it well not yeah I I
suspect they're just too busy making
tons of money I don't know anything and
evaluating the absurd amount more money
than they make than all the other
companies I don't know anything about
the internal workings of valve other
than that they make disgusting amounts
of money I've never worked there but
what I suspect based on everything I've
seen out of these guys is that they
probably build more products than they
actually release I'm sure they'd be
bored they're making all this money they
might as well do something by a
significant margin mhm I mean did you
see the rig that they built for that
steam deck OLED commercial where they
built that sphere out of steam deck OLED
screens
no I don't think so yeah it's it's wild
it's it is Peak because we can oh yeah
for sure 100% they might as well spend
all that money on something there was
absolutely there was absolutely no
reason no reason whatsoever for them to
do that practically like that they could
have come up with any other concept for
a commercial but they did that because
somebody was
like that'd be cool that'd be neat can
we afford it easily just send it man I
really wish those guys would hurry up
and get a
Flippin get a
Flippin index to go here because there
have been some advancements in lens
technology and in screen technology that
I'm sure valve has been doing stuff with
they just won't they just won't give me
my new they won't give me my new headset
really want it more
please um so yeah yeah steam deck super
cool it'll definitely be back in the
conversation around steam deck 2 um we
definitely will you know bring it up I
mean the oh the Rog Ally x uh people are
talking about that apparently there's a
leak or something yeah I think I think
that's that's a topic in here actually
there OGX um I don't think it's like a
huge jump
though a little bit more battery
life I think it's like a I mean to be
fair they're naming it fairly properly
for this but I think it's like kind of
like a pro model not a generational leap
if that makes sense yeah should we
should we jump into that and then we'll
do the other merch message we can do
that sure RG allyx Asus has teased the
RG allyx which they claimed is somewhere
between a sequel to the original Ally
and a revision of It featuring a new
black color the X will support larger
battery life allegedly way more
than way more way more than 30 to 40%
more capacity I doubt it it's probably
something more like that it's probably
like 30 to 40% capacity I think this is
written as allegedly way more like 30 to
40% more capacity that's what I'm
assuming anyways SVP what does that mean
senior vice president cool sha Yen
hinted at The Verge that the new
handheld would give at least 3 hours of
battery life playing intensive games
however the device will be slightly
heavier because of said larger battery
aous says the Ally X should have more
than the 16 gigs of RAM uh the Ally
non-x currently has and it will
apparently be
repairable with redesigned joystick
modules that are more interchangeable so
just the joysticks repairable that
sounds pretty cool I mean that's
something that's a good thing yeah yeah
uh it will feature an m.2 2280 slot
rather than the 2230 SD so if you want
to throw like an 8 TB SSD because you
enjoy having a an SSD that cost three
times as much as your computer
Asus still won't admit that the Allies
SD card reader had any fault but the
Ally X will have a rearranged
motherboard layout that will just happen
to move the SD card slot away from the
vents interesting however the screen
will be exactly the same and so will the
AMD Z1 or Z1 extreme um Apu the steam
deck OLED this is not um so yeah that
makes sense more battery life which is
fair I understand it a steam deck OLED
this is not is that what I said yeah I
sure kind yeah anyway but yes so it will
it will apparently not be getting an
OLED screen okay coming on June 2nd yeah
um our discussion question here is what
other upgrades would you have like to
see uh I I can't comment on anything
other than what's in here I mean I
wouldn't have minded seeing more
performance but I guess more battery
life is also pretty good I would have
like to see another USBC Port um there
uh I'm honestly surprised they have a
revision already on my trip to
Japan I had this brilliant idea that on
the plane uh my kids could play like
multiplayer games with uh with this
portable um I I grabbed one of the one
of the screens it's it happens to be an
Asus like Rog portable monitor uh so I
grabbed one of the ones out of my car
and I brought it with me so that they
could put it in the middle seat and sit
three a breast and then play games
together and I could run them off the
Ally and I was like man that would be
sick and so I brought a USBC cable and I
plugged it between the Ally and the
Monitor and went oh hold on a second
it's not like this monitor supports
power delivery how on Earth am I going
to charge this did I bring a micro HDMI
to USBC adapt no then I still couldn't
charge
a so now you need like a dock yeah so
yeah exactly exactly and I didn't I
didn't think to bring a dock it's
completely on me but the Difference
Maker Difference Maker would have been
if it just had two USBC ports like so
many other handhelds do um so I would I
would love to see that that's something
that has affected me personally but
other than that I I don't know I mean
I'd love to see H effect joysticks
um uh I guess the repairability might
help a little bit no no I'm just no I'm
just I was asked what I would like to
see I can only comment on what's written
here cuz who knows what I Li might not
know faster better stronger is cool it's
a portable device you could you could
hope basically everything would be
better I'm just I'm surprised there's a
revision already that's all because how
long is the alies is quite a bit newer
than the steam deck
um no the steam deck is huge no no no no
more recently released oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh um so it yeah it was released June
13th 2023 so it's been less than a year
and they're revising it already that's
pretty fast on in the device realm well
I mean that's the that's the IT industry
cycle though and that's again something
that makes the steam deck feel a lot
more console like to me is it's very
clearly on a more conso like refresh
cycle I mean it's still the steam deck
is still rdna 2 isn't it I think or rdna
2 excuse me Zen 2 I think
so yeah yeah yeah even though Zen 3 was
coming and we're already on Zen 4 now
like they could if they were just you
know using a a random Apu off of amd's
out of amd's product catalog then they
could easily be revising it but it's
clear that valve is serious about
treating it like a console where they
lock in the spec and they kind they they
build performance targets for various
games they build profiles
and it's not just a PC where you're
expected to just kind of Tinker around
with your graphics sliders you can
because man valve is pretty chill about
that kind of stuff like here yeah why
don't you play around with your power
profile and why don't you why don't you
play around with all these settings but
but they're they're obviously trying
yeah they're trying to create a console
like
experience
okay second mer Mage we technically
jumping to a second merch message we're
still on time uh let's see hey dll I was
recently thrust into a manager position
after the sudden ousting of my boss we
have a team of 50 people any tips for
dealing with employ employees who make
the same mistakes over and
over fire
them I'm I'm I'm actually I'm actually
kidding because it's not that simple I
mean people make mistakes I make
mistakes like here what what are the
what here what are the marriage uh like
divorce statistics divorce rates close
to 50% um here divorce rates USA um
after a lot of that is repeat offenders
as far as I know though the overall
trend in the okay yeah no we're not
we're not going to be the point is that
people make mistakes they make them over
and over and over again it is a serious
strain on the
relationship um so apparently first
marriages is around 40 to 50% and second
marriages is around 60 to 67% yeah there
you go so if your hope is to build a
team of people that are not going to
make mistakes over and over and over
again and the reason that I'm bringing
up marriages is that's probably the
relationship in our lives that
is most committed um and I'm not talking
like like a parent child relationship
I'm talking voluntary relationships this
is probably the relationship in our
lives that is most committed at least on
paper and it is one that we clearly um
allow the day-to-day issues that we deal
with trying to work as a team sorry I
keep gesturing at Luke but maybe Ivon is
somewhere over there um it's one where
where we we clearly allow the day-to-day
issues that we encounter when we're
trying to work together as a team to
destroy and that rate of Destruction is
something like well apparently you know
30 to
65% or something like that so with that
in mind if you build a team that is
three
people odds are you're going to want to
divorce one of them in some period of
time yeah so you just have to find ways
polyamorous people are just in shambles
right
now I don't know how you guys do it I
mean look I I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm
not judging uh you know like the the the
the the the relationship style that you
know works for me might not work for you
and what works for you today might not
work for you tomorrow what works for me
now might not work for me later you know
this stuff you know this stuff is it's
all it's it's fluid and you know it's
all cool no judgment here there's a zero
judgment Zone but sounds like a lot I
have no idea how you do it I I just I
man maintaining one relationship is like
and and and to be clear that yvon's
great
like dude like I'm am extremely lucky
but man relationships take work like if
if I had two ions in my life be
like things would be so incredibly well
planned and organized though that's true
but what if one of them planned it one
way oh no and the other organized it
another way and there was a
conflict just got to step back just got
to step back you got to retreat no
there's no way no there's no way I I
mean I don't want them both dead
I mean yeah one of them might win but
the other would be definitely you know
in pieces too yeah like not they
wouldn't be alive for long you know what
I mean it's yeah you don't Thunder
Unstoppable Force IM movable object
um what are we talking what we talking
about right how to how to manage a team
people make the same mistakes yeah
evaluate the mistake see how bad it is
if this is yeah if this is a super bad
thing work on coaching it if you can't
coach it and doesn't stop at a certain
point he was not serious when he
mentioned it but at a certain point you
do have to let people go but there's a
lot of steps on the way I mean uh you
can you can you know put together a
performance Improvement plan lay out
very clear guidelines clear communicate
that's that's a big thing it has they
have to know way ahead of time yeah that
this if not fixed could result in a a
firing or whatever else and and give
them updates on how well they're doing
check in with them on stuff see how if
they're implementing things to fix it
try to help them Implement things try to
come up with ideas for them to implement
solutions to try to help them progress
on this problem if they never do maybe
this just isn't the right job for them
and you good thing you didn't marry them
yeah and you know what they might be
awesome and they might be super
successful in another role somewhere
else totally but
sometimes sometimes the healthier thing
for both people in a relationship and
you know what working together is uh a
relationship it's not a relationship in
the same sense that you know a marriage
is a relationship but it anything a
friendship is a relationship being
colleagues is a relationship they're at
different levels obviously but sometimes
a relationship is just not working yeah
for both parties and the better thing is
to have it not be a to not be in that
relationship
anymore yeah I don't know but just read
some books try try to avoid it that's
also very helpful I got lot stuff from
reading books and but yeah just just
make sure it's not a surprise that's my
big thing um work with them try to
really heavily communicate uh don't
don't just Blindside them um give them
the chance to receive that feedback and
improve and like any relationship don't
let things build up and then explode at
them because that's not helpful for
anybody yeah on either side timely
feedback is really really important and
it can be hard because I'm sorry did you
say you have 50 reports that's too many
that's way too many that is like three
to four times I'm hoping that they are
one of the managers of 50 people four to
five times too many actually doing the
math here like that is way too many
people um so if that's the idea then
good
luck shf 2K says the idea of any company
ever starting a pip in Earnest is
laughable as a company that has
definitely used Pips with success to
rehabilitate uh
relationships um you're wrong I think
they are often misused oh 100% so so I'm
sure may maybe Shariff has had one of
the misuse against them before or know
someone where that's happened or
whatever a pip is a performance
Improvement plan uh which is essentially
a extremely direct form of communication
of hey this thing is not being done up
to standard this is exactly what the
standard should look like this is
exactly where the shortfalls are and
this is the timeline during which there
needs to be an improvement yeah so it's
just a super super documented and very
direct form of that communication which
theoretically in my opinion you should
have softer forms of communication
before getting
there um but it is absolutely a step
along the chain and there's people that
can get there and then come all the way
back and and do well and just move on
from it and there's people that will
fail the PIP and then it is what it is
but there are companies that use Pips to
just fire people with documentation
which is not how they should be used
they should be used to try to solve a
problem um so I think they're often
misused which is why they have the bad
rap that they have yeah no 100 100% they
deserve the bad rap but that doesn't
mean that every company is monstrous and
just uses them as a paper trail to fire
people yeah yeah Elijah's had 12 Pips
already that's what he says in
chat at least he was at least he was on
the ball enough to put a slash S on it
this time we've had to have a lot of
conversations recently about just like
jokes that we kind of can't make anymore
because people don't seem to understand
that their jokes or at least a
percentage of the viewer base doesn't
seem to understand when things are a
joke um I actually forget what one from
writer meeting was today but had to have
just kind of a a downer conversation
with everyone where it was like look
that's a title that some time ago um I
would have said yeah that's hilarious um
now people are going to take it
seriously
and yeah I get talked to the most about
jokes no actually you don't um yeah it
was and it was like uh like it it was
one of those jokes that was like I've
made a huge mistake or posted yeah yeah
the title was we made a big mistake and
unfortunately we're in an environment
now where a significant number of people
enough people that it that it seems to
affect sentiment towards our company
yeah will read that headline and go oh
those guys made a mistake
again yeah when it's just it's just a
title calm the down it's just a
title of a video you think that by the
time we title the video like we didn't
we didn't problem solve the steps like
we didn't we didn't you know figure
figure some stuff out like we're it's
it's it's a mechanism to to draw people
into the video right and like um oh man
plof plof committed a a sin today he
didn't do anything wrong and uh you know
it's it's the same thing where some
period of time ago I'd have been like
that's hilarious um let's uh let's do
that as our intro but a significant
number of people just whether it's sort
of a lack of social awareness or whether
it's um en problem yeah whether it's
just a current environment problem where
what's real and what's a joke is just so
blurry not really clear anymore Tru
anymore um the intro that he had written
was
for we did um we did another AliExpress
shopping spree video where five people
were basically told okay it's a
competition to buy the weirdest computer
component on AliExpress that's fun yeah
it is yeah it's totally fun and so he
had this intro written for it that was
um like something something something
and their job is basically to waste my
money wait what how much of my money did
you waste you know and plof loves that
like he thinks that stuff's
hilarious
because I mean as the primary
shareholder of lonus Media Group that
effectively when he when he blows money
on like a paint J for his car he's like
yeah let's go like like that's his
that's his sense of humor right and and
Jake tends to be one of the ones that
leans pretty hard into that as well cuz
he he genuinely just thinks it's funny
and then you get these people that are
that are like yeah you can tell the way
lonus staff talks about money that he's
like such a miser and like that there's
a ton of pressure on them and they're
like they're trying to read these like
psychological cues on people's faces and
you're just sitting here going like yeah
cuz if that was the case we'd let that
go through editing like like if we if we
were that if there was that much
corruption it just wouldn't show up on
the camera and I would and I would and I
would sign the I would sign the the the
purchase approval yeah like you think
have some game sense but but but there's
a significant there's a significant
enough portion of the audience that we
just like we can't uh like the the L is
for narcissist thing yeah hilarious I
don't think I don't think it would make
it into the edit today
but the the problem is that it like it
did and then people took it super super
super
seriously like what do you think happen
like once it once it once it gets
ingested into the camera it just like
must show up on YouTube and then what's
what's really funny what's really funny
to me about it is that a a joke like
that is allowed in the video and then
people still are under the impression
that I'm some kind of thin skinn
yeah and I'm kind of sitting here going
like when did it was funny cuz it was
funny it was it was good it was good
joke good good joke yeah when what when
did humor become such a serious thing I
I I had never even seen it and then it
like came up some I was talking to Dan
or something and it came up when I went
back and watched it and just it
immediately got me hard I burst out
laughing that was it was hilarious
delivery on it was great it was
hilarious very funny
and then it just yeah people just take
it like a billion miles and like the
very best sort of
um I'd say I appreciate a dry cutting
joke and like the very best cutting
jokes yeah there's a little bit of Truth
in it sure I think to be a YouTuber I
think to be a social media personality
you don't necessarily have to be to a
disordered level but like anything you
know self absorb abon is going to be on
a spectrum and you have to obviously
reach a point where you make a binary
decision some degree of it's all about
me to put your face on camera exactly
you reach this decision point where you
go I should talk about myself on the
internet and other people should find it
interesting I I can make a career out of
this exactly people should people should
be suppor
of my efforts to talk about my damn self
on the internet right like there has to
be a little bit of that there's also the
self-awareness of that too but like I
don't know I but I don't I don't I don't
think people it's funny I don't think
people
necessarily necessarily see that I think
I've talked about this on I think I've
talked about this on the W show before
where I will often joke about saying do
you even know who I am
because what's funny to me is that no
they don't the vast majority of people
do not I am not you're not specifically
into computers it's I am not Mr Beast
yeah like I could walk into the average
high school and if I happen to be
walking past the computer lab when the
bell rings I'm going to get a couple of
those but that is that is not the level
of Fame that I have and if I get a
speeding ticket for example no I am not
going to be getting out of my speeding
ticket because people like my
Tech tips that is actually not how this
works that's the
joke do you even know who I am no and
we're both in on
it but but that seems to have become a
narrative about me in certain circles
and I'm just
like all
right
sure wait what you can't get out of
speeding ticket
no believe it or not I have never
successfully gotten out of a speeding
ticket by being me and before you ask no
I've never brought up that I am me it'd
be really funny cuz it would not matter
it be if I was in the pastor seat it
would be hilarious like I'm just I'm I'm
imagining this right
now uh hi yeah hi officer uh I mean
Charle we can come to an understanding
here like do what if I what if I put you
in the C to the next video yeah do you
do you do you know do you know this face
do you do you know who I am no no okay
but okay you got to text you got to text
savy neph you got to text Savvy
nephew call him up tell them who you got
in the car right here and then tell me
you're still going to me I me come
on then again then again back to the
whole what's real and what's not it's
not like we don't see Tik toks and
YouTube videos day in day out of people
actually behaving like that Stu yeah but
that's so so I don't blame people no no
really though it's not unbelievable they
don't know me
personally they don't observe me in my
daily life this is fair I'm still
allowed to be annoyed that we can't make
jokes oh yeah me too both both sides are
fair I think I think we can be annoyed
that we can't make jokes and we can
understand why sad I like I like I like
playing the role of the of the kind of
incompetent
ignoramus who is discovering something
because at some point I didn't know and
at some point it was really exciting to
learn it and channeling that is one of
the easiest ways for me to get amped up
about something and and I've always
loved and it's not so much of an act
because at one point in time you were
EXC exactly and I've always loved
putting myself in a position to have
something explained to me by my on
camera uh you know co-host or or by
another member of the tech subject
matter expert of some of the tech
YouTube space or or or a subject matter
expert I I have intentionally put myself
in these positions time and time and
time again even though a lot of theing
time I wrote the godamn script or at
least part of it yeah but people don't
seem to understand that the actor is not
necessarily exactly who they play on TV
and you know what I do make mistakes
sometimes and sometimes I make them by
accident a lot of the time when I goof
is something on camera yeah it's on
purpose I knew it was going to happen or
I knew there was a very solid chance
that it was going to happen and I
thought it was funny or interesting but
I do make mistakes and I think that this
is one of those things where I I have a
family member that often says stuff that
is just astronomically stupid and one of
the things that he does is he'll do it
on purpose just often enough that when
he says something really stupid he can
say right but I was doing that thing I
do where I say something really stupid
and so knowing someone like that I can
see how people would would think it's
that but no I'm just I'm just a little
bit stupid fi troll argument
yeah where people are like just uh where
even is it uh where people are just
actually and they're oh I was just I was
just trolling yeah and then they'll like
actually troll in like fun ways
sometimes yeah then every once in a
while they'll go like way too far but
then just try to fall back on the excuse
and it's like no you're you're just a
loser yeah you're just actually mean and
people don't like you no one wants you
to be around got
him what are we even supposed to be
talking about right now I was just going
to ask that
uh okay let's do a topic switch to what
do you guys want to hear about yeah
let's I mean is announcing that you're
going to have an announcement but you're
not going to announce what you're
announcing is that even newsworthy fine
supplier leaks so okay Nintendo
announced that it will be announcing the
successor to the switch so we need to
discuss what we think it might be called
uh within this fiscal year which means
by the end of March
2025 oh fiscal year yeah okay Nintendo
has also said that their June Nintendo
Direct will focus on titles for their
current console set oh set to come out
on the second half of the Year paper
launch question mark the company
president recently told investors that
it's not including switch to sales and
its forecast for the same period
implying the console will launch
sometime after the end of March a recent
massive spec leak based on shipping
manifests which is usually a pretty
solid pretty solid one indicator of what
it will actually be uh indicated that
the console features 12 gigs of LP ddr5x
memory that's pretty aggressive on the
memory side yeah 256 gigs of ufs 3.1
storage and an 8 in display the switch
OLED for example is 7 in and an Nvidia
Tegra
239 same one spotted in many La past
switch two leaks which is the slightly
sad part for me because some of these
leaks for this processor are
old yeah it's Amper based is uh is my
understanding of it but Amper is okay
Amper and and my understanding again is
that it's not pure Ure so I think some
of the stuff is newer like it might have
newer newer AI stuff so so the upscaling
on this thing might be awesome and when
you consider in Nintendo's typical uh
visual
style upscaling should work really well
I like skipped 3000 Series do they have
dlss specifically yeah yeah 2000 series
cuz that's that's like the future of all
the things 000 series was when they
introduced all the AI stuff and R
tracing stuff got more refined with
3,000 and then 3000 Series was when it
got usable yeah um so you wanted to talk
about naming for this yeah why because
Nintendo's pulled some weird stuff out
in the past oh I see so is it going to
be like Wii U or or there's been some
like Nest to Super Nest DS stuff where
they had like they literally called one
of them new yeah that was that was weird
dude like they they've really pulled
some stuff out so like is this the new
Switch yeah that's funny we make fun of
Microsoft a lot for names way worse well
I don't know about worse but they're
definitely equally bad can we agree
they're equally bad yes okay yeah we
agree they're equally bad I just the
reason why I said way worse is I had
flashbacks to n of the Wii U launch like
some of it's kind of made sense like the
Game Boy Advance is definitely better
than a Game Boy and it's like kind of
game boy like Game Boy SP was weird yeah
DS Light made sense sort
of yeah wasn't it actually like a
performance jump as well um I don't
remember but it was lighter but it was
lit te yeah yeah you know
light I wasn't a huge fan of that one
cuz I thought it was like actually a 3DS
made sense it 3DS was pretty good DS but
3D 3DS was pretty good um too switch Too
Furious says nil pointer we could yeah
we could just let chat help us out here
uh switch Pro would be interesting
switch Advance I'd be down for switch
Advance I'd be I would also be down with
switch Advance it's a switch but it's
with more switch than ever before I'd be
I'd be into that switch up I mean you
know with the whole like you switch up
I'm pretty sure I've seen people say
switch up before switch to Electric
Baloo I mean these are really good
switch I
mean okay I think float plane chat is
going to lose their Lo their chatting
privileges pretty quick who do you think
you are twitch chat some people have
been saying super switch Uber switch
switch
hitter switch HD I mean no
no well yeah no nobody would use HD
branding today anymore yeah HD branding
was like I don't 15 years ago yeah yeah
and people are saying switch 4K there's
I don't I don't think this is going to
be hm it could be a 4K console if doubt
well hold on if
Nintendo as rumored has backwards
compatibility with switch games I see no
reason why an ampere based GPU with
upscaling couldn't run something like
tears of the Kingdom at
4K but with the added expense of a 4K
screen no it won't have a 4K screen oh
but it'll be able to do 4K 4K it and go
to a TV and there is absolutely no
reason it shouldn't support HDMI that be
fair enough yeah exactly so I I thought
you meant on device 4K no I don't think
that makes any absolutely no way they
would do that I think it's going to be
1080p on device yeah even that maybe not
switch on oh I hope not that would be
awful switch up I'm okay
with what was the other one that we both
liked switch Advance switch Advance is
there's no way to do that Nintendo
almost to a fault doesn't look back
yeah like they
rarely uh like there's there like there
is no way they'd be like super
switch one thing that's interesting to
me is it's almost certainly going to
look almost exactly the same as the
switch it'll be slightly bigger but it's
probably going to be more or less the
same thing man if it's more or less the
same size but it has an 8 in screen in
it that thing's going to be sick I've
heard I've heard rumor that the the the
controller is going to be magnetic that'
be kind of cool it's interesting but it
I this is interesting to me because the
jump from the GameCube to the Wii U was
like or sorry the wiii was super
interesting and then the Wii to the Wii
U was more of an interesting jump than
people really realized with the like
whole fifth controller and controller
with the screen all that kind of stuff
and then the Wii U to the switch was
like crazy yeah and then if this is just
like that thing again but with a bigger
screen that's like the first time
they've will people be really
disappointed really done that remember
to though hold on because the switch
took a unique approach to motion
controls that maybe the kinds of games
that you play don't take advantage of
but there's no way that you could have
done what what were those cardboard
things called where you'd like put the
motion controllers on and stuff like
there's no way that they would have been
able to build a gaming experience like
that other than me did anyone care about
that I mean I think they sold some okay
um gold ball says they should just get
rid of the switch name Al together it is
awful to search anything about the
switch on the internet and that is a
really good point lab the searchability
of names is a big problem in inert
current year I need to run I'll be right
back okay I just looked up the video I
did on the Nintendo labo um and this was
a lot more recent than I thought it just
says 5 years ago but YouTube's weird
with dates sometimes yeah this was
2018 look I just got a message in um hey
D why does Nintendo consistently keep
bringing consoles out but they're almost
outdated or many gens behind the current
gen they haven't been Hardware pushers
in a really long time when is the last
console they released that was actually
like Hardware competitive it's never
really been about hardware for them has
it no I think it was a very long time
ago well 64
yeah game was GameCube Hardware
competitive I don't think so I think
that was pretty underpowered honestly I
thought it was I don't really remember
but I thought it was
yeah he was pretty strong what directly
competed against GameCube was it an Xbox
original I think it was Xbox and and PS2
if I remember correctly GameCube release
PS1 yeah it was PS2 and Xbox
2001 Xbox original release
date 2001 so they're both the same
time box versus
do you think it'll do the same doc thing
maybe they'll go to like uh saying
GameCube was impressive because of how
small it was like that's not is that
cool it's not the point I'm trying to
make um but it's at the very least from
the Wii forward it's not it has not been
about performance and I know that's only
a few console Generations but uh it's
been a long time the Wii release date
was 2006 seriously there might be people
people watching this right now that
weren't alive that's
depressing risk of TMI I got my
diagnosis back it's just a UTI but I
definitely have to go pee very suddenly
sometimes that's okay on my antibiotics
and I'm feeling a fair bit better at
least you're good to go yeah there was
there was blood involved so uh never a
good sign yeah this was like last week
right before W show started so I was a
little stressed during the show this is
like kind of the best sign of all the
bad signs
oh yeah no I mean the second you start
searching for stuff like that it's like
yeah you're GNA die you're done yeah oh
jeez yeah so that's cool uh but yeah I
don't think they care about performance
I think for them it's all it's been all
about experience ever since especially
the Wii
um and even before then in 64 they cared
about performance yeah that's what what
what we were trying to debate on was did
they
what what was the argument on GameCube
how was the GameCube performance- wise
vers versus PS2 and original Xbox um I
thought it was pretty solid I the the
looking up that I did was that it was
fairly well competing yeah and gained
credit because of how small it was yeah
which is cool too bad the discs were too
small to put big games on it yeah so
maybe they should have made it bigger
and put a proper size disc reader in it
and then after the GameCube they just
like actually stopped caring at all
about performance and it was much more
about experience and just the game that
were on the system and and margin W
gardening their and margins on the
hardware yeah well while a lot of other
consoles were losing money per I wonder
if what they realized was that they were
selling so many copies of games that
looked like sh for their for their
mobile consoles so like realistically is
anyone is any is anyone caring about
this I think also a lot of a lot of like
especially first-party Nintendo games
the art style doesn't demand crazy
performance um and a lot of times the
ones that struggle in performance it's
like yeah they probably could have done
better um so I don't
know does your PC have a handle dude my
brother had this if you don't know what
case this
is let me see if I can find it uh you're
not look for that do our sponsor spots
oh I already found
it all righty then oh you have a video
on it
nice let's
go my favorite thing about my laptop it
has the one your brother has is probably
this one it might actually be I'm not
sure I don't remember how he got it this
is old enough this is old enough that I
probably just wanted to get this thing
out of our way and what like I'm going
to flip it on
Craigslist you scared your
C like this uh this case would have
taken up so much space it would have
been more work to sell on Craigslist
then it's probably
worth um cuz like the price is so high
but people don't cases are are one of
the fastest depreciating computer
components you can buy like a used case
is basically worth half of what it was
worth new it was either this one or he
like won it I don't think he bought one
of these but at at the top there this
case was enormous and it weighed a ton
especially once you filled it with stuff
especially once you filled it with water
cooling absolute clown case and the top
here has these metal bars they're
actually metal so he had this case and
he got a welder friend to weld a
crossbar onto those metal bars so that
he could just pick it up with one hand
cuz he's just this unit that could do
that um and he'd bring it to lands this
is just enormous computer that would
just dwarf
everything so good I don't know how we
got onto the topic of
uh cases but we
did so basically it's a giant
GameCube is that the point you were
trying to make oh right cuz people said
you don't have handles on your computers
and I was like well sometimes we W them
on but did people say we don't have a
sponsor cuz they were wrong the show is
brought to you today by ag1 if you're
already busy juggling your everyday
tasks you definitely don't have time to
juggle the bottoms of vitamins that you
bought but never take why not make your
life a bit simpler with ag1 allinone
supplement it has 75 different vitamins
to fulfill your daily nutritional needs
and we've got members of the team here
at lmg that have tried or even use ag1
daily like Maria our thumbnail designer
who drinks it first thing in the morning
to start her day that's her right now uh
ag1 is always trying to find the highest
quality ingredients available all of
which have been tested by multiple third
parties to ensure that your gut is
getting the best of the best it's a
simple scoop a day and you're set and
while it might be a little too late for
Mother's Day by the way uh Mother's Day
Warning everyone when is it this
weekend Luke I'm kidding I'm ready okay
it could be part of a good Father's Day
gift so try ag1 and get a free one-year
supply of vitamin D3 and K2 and five
free ag1 travel packs with your first
subscription at drink a1.com wow we're
going to have them linked down
below man I got crept up on it a little
by it a little bit this year crept up on
by it a little bit this year yeah yeah I
was I was freaking out a little bit
earlier this week but I actually came up
with a really good thing for um for my
wife um it's it's solid like actually
very you know what she's not going to
watch this um so uh people could like
Tweeter and stuff careful and they will
I don't think she checks her Twitter
very often anymore yeah she's like
pretty over Twitter I think at this
point nice based uh okay hold on I'll
finish this and then I'll and then I'll
talk about what it is cu Dan's
apparently just not going to cut back to
us he's just going to like leave it on
this forever the show is also brought to
you by Ridge you might still be single
but your phone may have found that
special someone Ridge just released
their new Meg safe wallet that's
compatible with your phone it says Linus
quickly shows how it works I assume that
this is the Meg safe
wallet I was like wow it's light okay oh
cool okay so it comes with so you can
adapt a little adhesive oh my God that's
really strong okay it comes with a
little adhesive piece so you can just
add it to
your non magneti phone still chugging
note 9 for example okay I'm just going
to put it right on the iPhone though and
then it's a I mean it's a ridge wallet
right so what do you want it's got a a
band that holds everything together it
fits your cards in there like that pop
them out a little something like eh pop
them out a little something like that
and now it can just stick to the back of
your wallet just like that oh okay and
they've got thoughtful little slippy
pads in here so nothing's going to get
damaged by it and I mean
yeah they better hope nothing goes wrong
with
this I mean that's not going to get
edited at
all well what I'm supposed to stop now I
got to
finish any stop making eye contact they
use strong magnets embedded in the
wallet to securely attach to the back of
any mag safe compatible iPhone and for a
stronger hold why not try their
strengthening tray but hey maybe you're
too cool for an iPhone the adhesive on
the back of the tray will allow you to
attach your wallet to any device they're
built from premium materials like
aluminum to last you a lifetime or two
and just like their other wallets they
are RFID blocking plus they have the new
Ridge iPhone cases which are available
in Kevlar or full grain leather and
they're also compatible with mag safe
and wireless charging so check out the
ridge mag safe lineup today at the link
in the video description the show is
also brought to you by back Blaze have
you ever dropped a hard drive by
accident I have oh come on the line says
many of them but that's not
true any who that's why we back up our
data to back Blaze nightly here at lonus
Media Group back Blaze is an affordable
and easy e to use cloud backup solution
that starts at just $9 a month you can
backup almost anything from your Mac or
PC and access it anywhere in the world
with their web and mobile apps you can
also easily protect your business data
through a centrally managed admin
allowing you to automatically protect
all the data of your employees computers
and they offer multiple restore options
in the event of a data loss or
ransomware incident plus you can
increase your retention history to one
year for free back Blaze has 55 billion
files restored and three exobytes of
data under their management and all you
have to do to get with them is sign up
for a 15-day free trial with no credit
card required at back blaze.com slw
we're going to have that linked down
below
sweet no I'm done I'm done hey wait a
second are you what what about what
about the Savage jerky Dan I want to eat
the Savage jerky then do that oh oh is
it just like a product placement yeah
and then if you eat it I do this
oh okay oh sick okay well I was waiting
man he brought did you get how dare you
how dare you take my bacon jerky this
one the whole thing no no no no go for
it um I'm trying out the SmokeHouse
bacon jerk well what you don't want to
try you only want bacon you can just I
just want I just want one you just want
one you're just going to have one piece
I don't want to open the whole pack oh
that's right Luke's watching his uh
watching his intake thanks man that's
fine I'll eat enough jerky for both of
us don't worry I got
you all right anyway let's get on to our
next to here you want to pick oh merch
sorry Dan we're
doing there there is a sign you guys
can't see it but there there is actually
if you want to do more topics you can no
no no no we'll do more everywhere
there's
signs uh okay it is uh dead pixel shirt
is hilarious Luke what was your biggest
hurdle into getting into fitness mine
was being an overweight smoker have
since quit all stimulants # represent
Hartford Whalers nice oh hey there we go
um Harford Whalers there's a we have a
special thing here because Sean from the
IT team that's where he got his old
screen name from Whalers because of
Hartford Whalers because of whatever
whatever anyways I thought it was
because he murdered Wales nope I'm
kidding fortunately no I'm kidding
there's an old Canadian old Canadian
hockey team called the Hartford Whalers
that's the context for you not all them
are necessar going to get the joke which
is why I clarified
um uh what sorry what was it what was
the hardest part yeah what was your
biggest hurdle getting into fitness my
biggest hurdle uh by Fitness I'm going
to take that as like the more recent
going to the gym stuff CU I wouldn't
call the more recent stuff me getting
into fitness CU when I was younger I was
significantly more fit because I played
like a billion different sports all at
the same time and I was extremely fit um
but these days my biggest hurdle was
that I was broken in a lot of ways
largely from all the sports that I used
to play when I was younger so I had
rotator cuff problems should have done
that he just problems I was I was on a
cane for a few weeks years back because
I screwed my knee up so bad so that's a
recurring still existent problem that I
have and I have lower back issues and
all this other type of stuff so I had to
and I had gained a ton of weight over
covid so those issues were worse because
of the weight gain so I had to drop
weight and figure out how to deal with
those issues which wasn't the most
motivating in the world at first but
once you start seeing progress in the
weight loss and you start seeing
progress in the inj the biggest thing
for me was progress in the injuries
because I had it for a while like I'm
going to do this right now I'm going to
reach back and grab Linus's chair and
move him around a little bit if I did
that a year ago I would have shoulder
pain for three
days you want to you know you want to
you want to grab
something because my my rotator uh cuff
was so screwed up but as I learned how
to do exercises that would help
strengthen the rotator cuff and without
hurting it which would then make it less
prone to injury which would then make it
so that I could like reach behind myself
and do whatever and not hurt myself like
I can do this now at all which is huge
um hartford's in
Connecticut I had no idea they moved
when I was still a kid and I didn't know
geography that much I thought the
Hartford Whalers were a Canadian team I
have no idea I had no clue at all yeah
they uh they moved in 1997 when I was 11
so I uh I did not know geography yet
that is hilarious today I learned anyway
sorry carry on no it's fine um but yeah
I started I started noticing like hey
I'm not in pain as much anymore that was
a huge thing for me by working out more
often when I woke up my back wouldn't
hurt anymore because I'd strengthened my
back uh now I wouldn't sleep on my
shoulder funny and hurt it or reach
behind myself and grab like a piece of
paper and then injure myself those I'm
more resilient that way I'm I'm not hurt
all the time I'm not as tired anymore I
just started feeling better and less
pain all the time and then now it's just
I don't want to stop because those
things are very good so I don't know
those were the hurdles but those are
also the reasons to do it so good luck I
believe in
you sorry I was reminded that the
Canucks are playing right now Oilers
yeah how we doing uh 1 end of the first
I'm suddenly more invested in this than
normal cuz you just like The Comeback F
kids no a buddy of mine is like a super
fan of the Oilers so I just want him to
lose why do you why do you hate I heard
we won the first game and I was like yes
oh yeah in an embarrassing fashion we
don't have to we don't have to win the
whole thing we don't have to win the cup
we just got to beat the
oil Elijah says I can't wait for the
Canucks to lose in the finals and we
have riots
again three times the Vancouver kcks
have never won a championship three
times they have made it to the finals
not just made it to the finals they have
made it to game seven which is which is
the final game of a best of seven series
they have made it to game seven of the
finals three times they have managed to
choke in game seven of the finals but
never never a championship so I'm uh
yeah I'm excited for it too Elijah going
to be exciting it'll be a lot of
fun during a panel on a AI in the legal
field it was stated that using AI May
soon be required for attorneys for
competency do you see professions soon
requiring AI use rather than doing
things
manually well it's not a matter of that
I think anyone is going to like I don't
think a client is going to come to your
law firm and say I need you to use AI or
I am not going to work with you like I
don't think it's going to be like that I
think it's going to be more along the
lines of if you want to stay competitive
then you are going to have to take
advantage of the
efficiencies that machine learning in
its various forms to be clear I'm I'm
not necessarily saying um you know AI in
the way that I think we're thinking
about it right now and that a lot of the
stigma is around right now where you
know you basically just punch in a
prompt and then it just like shs out a
response uh there's lots and lots of
different ways that you can use machine
learning so one way would be if you're
looking for precedent which is
incredibly important uh when it comes to
advising your clients on their their
best possible defense if you are not
searching using an an AI machine
learning assisted model the entire just
astronomically huge library of of
precedent setting like case law um if
you are if you aren't doing that you're
not going to be competitive you're not
going to win your cases no human could
possibly hope to have read and
internalized everything that they would
need for every different situation
lawyers lose cases all the time they
literally lose as many cases as they win
think about it right for every win
somebody has to lose so if you are not
using the most state-of-the-art tools
your win rate is is going to go down
compared to people who are using the
most the art tools un unless they're
poorly SL improperly using it which will
happen but which will happen I suspect
more often than not especially in
competitive Industries it will be used
properly but I think the example that
I'm using where you're using it to to to
look for to look for a pre legal
precedent I'd say that's a pretty that's
a
pretty likely use case where it would be
very very useful and less prone to
hallucinate
and it would be better than just a
search like a like a term search if you
have a large language model that has
been trained on an enormous data set and
you go okay tell me about any situation
where a crime of passion was involved
but uh there were these extenuating
extenuating circumstances right like
that's not something that a typical
search is necessarily going to be able
to handle without spitting you out an
enormous number of results that you
would have to you have to read through
all of them right yeah
um and I mean I would say I'm not going
to name any names but with all the
lawyers that we've worked with over the
years yeah some of them probably
probably should have just used AI for
some of the work they did I have ran
into examples where way after the fact I
realized where they lifted the copy that
they sent us from because I noticed
certain verbage and I was like I
actually literally recognize this and
then I go to the the wherever that legal
copy is and see the line and I'm like
there's no way there's actually no way
this has to be lifted from here and then
I'll look at like the formatting of the
document and everything and I'm like
yeah they just clearly like make it so
it doesn't look like you copied my work
and they just copied it it's like what
did I pay you for I could have done this
like especially when when you're like oh
well at least it's like signed off by a
lawyer so if something goes wrong we can
go to them no oh yeah man that's all
garbage it's funny how you know lawyers
you know being lawyers um are pretty
they're all pretty knowledgeable when it
comes to covering their own asses um and
making sure that I
mean I'm I'm just giving advice I'm just
G I'm just giving advice I mean you
could do whatever you want to do I mean
if this goes wrong I well what is the
point of you then what is your point why
why do you actually exist like if you're
if you're not if there's no if there
nothing bad happens if you get it wrong
what exactly is your incentive why I
need to use you
yeah I am not a huge fan no I think that
good lawyers absolutely like any good
professional um are important deeply but
there seem to be a lot of less good a
lot of junk less good lawyers that are
that are more motivated by just creating
litigation so that they can bill ours um
but
any I'm trying to get a water block for
my 6900 XT and I'm
Dan why didn't you just ask yeah I bet
we could have helped you out with that I
mean we probably got some EK stuff we
can't
use don't say their
name I bought one recently and crossed
all the EK stuff and wrote Alpha cool
yeah cuz that's how that works
I did it over the plastic now Sigma
cool oh my goodness so poor Frasier here
is trying to find a compatible one uh is
compatibility something that we should
be seeing on the lab's
website I mean yeah but only to a degree
right because realistically for
something like a water block
we're not going to test that we're not
going to be able to test every there's
going to be a lot of things that we'll
actually sort of work on especially with
a very minor amount of modification or
addition if you like add little heat
sinks to cover the spots that it's not
covering and whatnot which is something
that people have been doing in water
cooling for ever um like we yeah what
are we supposed to say if you add a few
heat sink pads this is fine like and
back to the question of liability right
like do I want to be in a situation
where I say it worked and then the
manufacturer of the GPU does a silent
revision that we don't know about and it
doesn't doesn't work and like like well
LT Labs told me it would work and it's
kind of sitting here going like why am I
even opening opening myself up to this
um I think
that's that's something where we're not
really going to get into it like we
might have we you know if if we were to
ever have like a compatibility Checker
of some kind I think we would probably
want to find a way to grab data off of
the manufacturer website but I don't
think that's the kind of thing that we
would go through and want to validate
like we're not going to we're not going
to take a motherboard put every CPU on
the CPU support list in it and then
maybe other CPUs just to see if they
work like it's not so like literal three
people that would care yeah it's not
within the scope of of what labs would
be would be able to test I don't think
yeah they could they just
shouldn't one of the problems sorry no
no go for it's one of the problems with
having a a thing like that is like you
could you could the lab could test like
practically
anything it's like do we do we is that a
good use of their time they have so many
other really high value things to do and
they are currently doing that like
adding certain things like that is like
GH I don't know sorry keep going no
that's okay we'll get one more in here I
think howy lldd I'm back in graduate
school after 20 years in a job where
priorities were obvious how do you
prioritize when the tasks are numerous
and deadlines are
nebulous I can't I failed in
school so you're asking didn't you you
said you dropped out right well it's a
little um you were failing and you just
made the conclusion early yeah I mean it
it was kind of a you can't fire me I
quit um I was on academic probation
already ah and if I hadn't fixed up my
grades I would have been kicked out the
next semester but I decided that wasn't
going to happen why am I paying anymore
for this I'll see you later true I kind
of just stopped going to class I never
actually formally
withdrew which probably looks bad if I
ever want to go back probably yeah but
that would be weird and useless uh so
you're talking to him who has that story
and then me who dropped out
um yeah I don't know task priority is
this specifically for school we're
talking no he didn't he say he just got
a job yeah no no no was in a job for 20
years and now is in school now was in
school with no one to basically go okay
here's what you're working on right now
do this thing if the way I used to do it
was if it's within a certain
class um I mean just study everything
hard but then if you're if you're like
if you if you know rationally looking at
the work in front of you that you don't
have enough time to study everything
there's a test coming up if it's when
one within one specific class I wouldn't
pick the thing that you know the least
to try to study I would make sure that
you can secure a passing
grade so like make sure you're confident
in at least a passing grade worth of
material and then work from there so
that you know you can pass the class and
keep moving forward so make sure you
have a solid base before you go in and
then when you get to the actual test
find the questions that you know you can
confidently answer and blow through all
of those like skipping through parts of
the test make sure that you like secure
your Sol grade that you know you can get
and then go back through and try to
refine from there that's what I did I
have no idea I wouldn't necessarily
listen to me that's just what I did Tomo
comoo says I was on academic probation
at one point this is in flow plan chat
now I am a college professor and a
scientist I work on gravitational wave
physics sick and I'm smart enough to
subscribe to float plane I added that
last bit but but but but they are
subscribed they are subscribed to FL
plane
um that's good
I don't think my path would go similarly
I don't think I will ever be working on
gravitational wave physics I think
Luke's seen me try to do math you can do
good mental math oh yeah yeah I can do
simple math Mental Math you're good at
I'm good at approximate yeah don't ask
me to do anything exact that's almost
all you need though you know when I
learned
that my first year of
University summer when I started oh yeah
estimating painting jobs yeah I I just
like like wasn't good at mental math and
it's a good skill to have and my
regional manager was like well get good
because it's realistically the only way
that you're going to be able to do
this so how' you get good just practice
well I had no choice because if I wanted
to make money then I had to get good and
I needed to make money because I had a
bunch of um I had a bunch of bills to
pay for school so you got good by sheer
will I I guess
fine enough I mean I think in modern day
though 10% luck 20% SK sorry U I think
in modern day if you have good
estimation skills good mental math
skills the rest of it can be 15%
concentrated power of will supplemented
through like 5% pleasure phone
calculators and if it's complicated
enough pain you can use wol from Alpha
and 100% reason to remember the
name that was all accurate wasn't it you
remembered every lyric why wouldn't I W
doesn't everybody know that amazing no
not off the top of my head I was able to
recognize that it was correct but I
wouldn't be able like even now I don't
think I could say it all purposely oh
man is that a song LMO Elijah causes me
pain so often I know he's painful uh
wen't we doing merch messages no we're
doing topics okay yeah we're doing
topics what topic are we doing I don't
know who cares uh stack Overflow users
rebel against the site's open AI deal
this is hilarious this week week stack
Overflow announced that they would be
adding an open aai integration feeding
past user contributions to chat GPT as
well as using that information to train
AI without consulting their user base
many users responded by deleting or
adding protest messages to their past
posts stack Overflow staff have
reportedly responded by suspending those
users on mass then reverting those
protest posts to their previous
state oh oh dang wow stack Overflow
seemed to have a negative attitude
toward generative AI previously Banning
answers written by chat GPT just last
year oh I mean they probably still have
that stance because we know the whole
thing where when AI feeds off of its own
data it gets worse so they don't they
don't want generative AI answers on
their site they just want to sell their
site to AI that that makes complete
sense to me you should also just
consider stopping using it I'm sure
there's alternative
but dang that sucks what are the
Alternatives no no no really do you guys
know stock overflow has been like the
thing for a super long time but this is
how this is how you spark
competition you know so I'm sure
somebody will figure it out man uh heroy
says nothing
um I'm sure someone will figure it out
yeah Reddit but that sucks too and
they're definitely doing the same thing
they're doing the exact same thing bruh
I wonder what you do because because we
know on-site ads are making effectively
nothing these
days like MoneyWise yep and this type of
crowd is just going to be blocking them
anyways we've got a really interesting
video coming on deifying your life uh
Emily was working on it and it's pretty
cool but it's surprising how many of the
alternatives are going to cost you a
monthly subscription yep like like
there's search engines that you can use
that don't track your stuff and they
just cost money but are super cool and
you can like determine your own page
Rank and stuff and like set your own
priorities and have no ads in them and
I've been thinking about going to a paid
uh search for we should watch the video
Yeah Emily put a lot of work into
researching it we covered actually
pretty cool I'm excited we covered
browser we covered search um browser too
yeah we talked about DNS uh we talked
about oh man what we're trying to think
of what all of the degify we talked
about email so we because you can you
can rage about being the product all you
want but if you're getting the thing for
free
there there there's going to be some
value harvested somewhere yeah you don't
have a leg to stand on and one one
problem the tradeoff one problem is that
you don't completely avoid it by paying
for things that's one of the big steps
why I haven't done this yet is like okay
sure I'm paying for this service and
you're claiming these things but what
happens from you changing that what
happens this company from being sold to
somebody else and now they own it like
what if Google buys this random browser
company and now they have all their data
these are hopefully things that I can
get some amount of information from the
video so we'll we'll see um but like
yeah there's there's it's it's
interesting but it does get kind of
expensive to replace all the free things
with things that cost money and these
are ongoing services so it's almost
certainly going to be monthly
subscriptions yep one% and like in
theory you know well you could self-host
and we talk a little bit about a Google
photos alternative that you can self
host which is super cool even that has
cost though but there's a lot of things
that even if they don't have a cost
don't make sense to self poost like uh
email is one that we brought up as as
something that you yeah look at look at
the look on his face the physical pain
as someone who runs services like please
the amount of times and I I I've tweeted
about this a bunch of times back when it
was actually Twitter but the amount of
times that I have developer
applications especially when it comes to
infrastructure stuff and they apply and
they use a custom email and I go to
respond to give people interviews and
the custom emails just get tossed
because deliverability issues whatever
else it happens way more than you would
think and from people that think they
know what they're doing yes the amount
of times that people will include a
personal s this one sucks because I
recommend that people do it seriously
though check if it works before you send
in your resume please the amount of
people that include a personal site on
the resume that doesn't work
like bro or like the domain expired I've
ran into that like it it would be better
for you to not include it on your resume
if the domain has expired then to
include it and have someone click a dead
link on your resume it just looks like
you didn't care but people people have
gen a non- insignificant amount at least
over like we're talking double maybe
triple digits of people have lost
interviews here because their custom
domain email server thing didn't work or
they typed their email
brutal Intel crazy rebukes motherboard
makers over fixes for Intel's unstable
CPUs we've also got some AOL Lake leaks
and AMD stealing CPU market share I just
didn't say steel they earned it but
anyway that's my headline here after
Intel didn't publicly take action
concerning recent widespread reports of
14th gen processors causing game crashes
and blue screens of death on around
April 20th a SE released a bios update
with an Intel Baseline profile which
turned down various performance boosting
settings this week Intel spoke up to
tell users not to use such profiles from
motherboard makers instead Intel wants
you to use the Intel default settings
profile instead as it involves a
combination of thermal and power
delivery features with a selection of
possible power delivery profiles based
on the specific motherboard's
capabilities
broadly the motherboard maker profiles
did seem to help with the stability
issues but it came at a performance cost
Intel's guidance seems to be geared
towards allowing users to regain some of
that lost performance Intel is now
demanding that by May 31st motherboard
makers release bios updates with Intel's
default settings profile as the default
I can't believe this has taken this long
to come to a head but aren't they also
saying that doesn't fix it because the
the performance uh what is it multi-core
enhancement uh default
thing controversy or like conflict
between Intel and motherboard
manufacturers has been going back for
like the better part of a decade at this
point and it was it was bound to happen
at some point that some kind of
performance boosting profile of some
sort was going to cause instability
because it it all it has always been
overclocking to run anything but Intel's
default behavior for the
CPU and I just I can't believe that it
took this long it took it took Intel
ending up with egg on their face over
the instability of the not Intel default
profile for them to finally say look you
actually can't do this anymore and I'm
willing to bet that this lasts one
generation and then immediately in order
for motherb manufacturers to try to
differentiate their product from each
other they're going to go back to
putting whatever the most aggressive
profile they can probably get away with
on the majority of CPUs is and we're
going to be back to this whole song and
dance until this happens again like
there's just absolutely oh yeah no way
that it's not going to just keep
happening oh
yeah and to be clear I don't even really
I don't even really blame the
motherboard manufacturers here obviously
they're going to they're going to push
the limits of whatever Intel will allow
them to do and they're going to try and
differentiate their product I I lean
toward blaming Intel that's the game
they play yeah if they want to be
competitive they have to do that yeah
they're not studying the rules I mean
look like what it is if if man if intel
wanted motherboard manufacturers to
differentiate their products they they
didn't have to consolidate every single
function onto the onto the CPU and onto
the chipset they might have they might
have not tried to take all the margin
for themselves in the motherboard I mean
that was an option to be clear there
were performance advantages to some of
those moves like moving the memory
controller onto the CPU to simplify the
motherboard and make it more performant
but it's just it's been a it's been a
trend from Intel for a very long time to
squeeze motherboard manufacturers and
it's become harder and harder for them
to differentiate and so they're going to
do what they got to do they they got to
do what they got to do and if intel
doesn't like it well then they're going
to have to lay down the law and if they
haven't laid down the law then this is
going to happen this is around and find
out it's that simple um one can only
hope that Intel's upcoming AOL Lake
desktop CPUs won't suffer the same
issues on top of having no
hyperthreading and allegedly terrible
names uh this is this is pretty funny
yeah here we go um NextGen desktop CPUs
have reportedly leaked aerol Lake core
Ultra 200 series uh same core count says
Raptor Lake refresh but fewer threads
okay hold on where's my where's my
branding here we go
uhuh
so um
sure I don't know why
the why not just I mean why Ultra why
not just an can we just have I don't
know like a nine can we just have some
continuity here why do we go from 9 to 8
from 0 0 to
5 14 to2 I understand because this is
this is the the generation processor
generation but why did we move
everything
down one or maybe two so a 600 class
product becomes a four class product or
I don't I can't even begin to follow
along with this uh AMD had a new naming
scheme allegedly new naming scheme
allegedly maybe leak on asus's site that
looked just as bad as intels if not
worse cuz they shoehorned AI into all
the processor names so it was like ryzen
9 Ai and then they switched to a uh they
switched to a threel or a three-digit
numbering scheme as well and it just it
was utterly un just un indecipherable I
I I couldn't even uh that has not been
confirmed to be real we should do we
should do product naming consultation
I'd be happy to they wouldn't want they
no they wouldn't want our advice though
you just you just call it CPU we'd be no
I wouldn't we' be that would be all so
stupid yes we'd be advising them on how
to make it this is CPU one we also sell
CPU 2 and
three sorry keep going sty
CPU okay our naming is bad too for very
different reasons okay may maybe don't
do naming consultation I think we could
do better than them I think anybody
could yeah In fairness to me I wasn't
involved just way too literal we are
pretty literal
backpack I mean we're not wrong it's a
backpack screw screwdriver it is a
screwdriver it doesn't even call itself
ratcheting screwdriver just screwdriver
it's a screwdriver
it's it's you know what you're getting
you do yeah it's
better yeah sorry I just don't know how
much it leans on marketing I mean look
we've had some more fun stuff lately
okay there's the FaZe zip up Hoodie faas
I like faas okay um okay that's that's
pretty literal um okay we've got 100%
cotton t-shirt the Steve turtleneck okay
this is actually a pretty solid mover
that's fairly marketing yeah good on
okay Marino t-shirt okay stop stop
looking at those names
LED um fan wag hoodie is pretty good I
named that one that one's good that is
good I named that one the uncle lius
hoodie okay but that was that was from a
video I don't know if that's fair was
literally actually a joke um this is not
going to be better hm
I didn't mean to start this lounge pants
are all right I added Pro to this I
think no no I added premium to this one
that that was my contribution to the
name of that okay these are so are the
premium Sports joggers better than the
track joggers cuz the track joggers
aren't premium the Dropout has a really
cool name doesn't sell at all but people
love it I wish
people the Dropout sweater is like one
of the comfiest sweaters I think I've
ever had and people don't know that yeah
cuz they can't try it I know retail
retail is a is a heck of a thing like
buying clothes at retail I get it yeah
it's tough to buy them online cuz you're
feel the same way you're buying it
blindly I get it I just I wish people
had the opportunity to try it because
it's very much like a comfy like nice a
little bit more Hefty sweater it's nice
it's
good I enjoy it and I don't like
pullovers but I like that sweater
AMD has hit a record high in x86 desktop
and server market share which is good
because apparently their GPU gaming
business and custom not cooking business
is not going so good but this man this
looks incredible in servers their
revenue share is
33% and that's on a unit share of only
23.6 so that means that they are killing
Intel at the highend for service
like crushing
them
that's crazy not even close right yeah I
I where is where where is this topic oh
I'm sorry I'm just uh oh you're just
looking at stuff yeah I'm looking at
this right here look at it go woo wow
number
Gober yeah I think's a little less hot
on the desktop side I feel I love how
them D oh but this is server market
share so it's not just AMD and Intel
yeah no this is actually 86 oh I see so
I love how them killing it is still
being a third of the market well yeah
but I mean you got to compared to some
historical record that is crazy and you
got to remember too like only part of
the decision of which CPU to procure is
which one is better a huge part of it is
long-term contracts a huge huge part of
it is production capacity like as an as
an end user user okay you would look at
the marketing for someone like a a mouse
pad Factory in China which that they
have marketing you'd look at the
marketing and go well that's stupid
because it'll be full of things like
what their production capacity is on a
monthly basis and you're sitting there
going yeah but are they good do do you
make anything good depending on the
buyer that may not be their top priority
because they just need mouse pads and if
and the and the factory that they're
working with May simply not have enough
capacity of mouse pads and so at a
certain point like AMD can only buy so
much of tsmc's finite capacity and at a
certain
point supply and demand if everyone
tries to buy it it will drive up the
price to the point where oh well hey
Intel's products not looking that bad
anymore Intel meanwhile has their own
production capacity so they effectively
get to sell every chip that AMD can't
make and it will be that way for the
foreseeable future um that is until AMD
can get more production capacity from
Intel's Foundry business that'll be an
interesting day we'll see how that goes
ever since I talked about how I I like
Intel's long-term plan their stock has
dropped considerably I still like their
long-term plan but I made it very clear
at that time this is investment advice I
made it very clear at that time that it
was a long-term that I liked long-term
play fox in a box says oh yeah so forget
contracts and availability what about
just Comfort people buy based on Brands
all the time that was an lmg clip that
went up actually shortly before the W
show today from last week where I talked
about not being fans but man people
people buy what they're comfortable with
and you're fans at different levels and
fox in a box says at my company we buy
more Intel servers because we have Intel
servers and don't have issues so we will
buy more of them which
honestly in a lot of situations is a
mostly good enough reason when it comes
to technology and how fast moving it is
maybe less so but when you're dealing
with like trying to convince people that
are doing purchasing decisions for a
huge range of things and that that just
happens to be one part of
it yeah I don't
know anyways should we talk about uh
hell divers and Sony yeah sure this is
wild so this is not a a flesh out topic
that we have so this is going to be a
little bit erratic but uh cuz I think it
happened like today this is this is
pretty hot news yeah I don't I don't
know exactly PR but it's it's quite
fresh I know it was Friday somewhere but
it might have been somewhere else in the
world um but Sony so let's rewind to
last week Sony forced PlayStation
Network login onto hell divers 2 now PC
Gamers PC gamers are pretty kind kind of
used to needing other launchers or
needing other login even the Beloved
balers Gate 3 uses its own launcher they
have a really cool reason even CD
project red has their own like account
it's optional you can just continue to
play Rockstar Ubisoft e everyone in
their dog has their own nonsense beloved
developer battle State games has their
own
launcher and they're not even on Steam I
probably could have gotten them on a
spit take if only he was drinking
something yeah yeah the the laran one
most people embraced it a little bit
more heavily because it syncs your saves
between platforms which is like actually
kind of sick if you had a save on a
console you could sync it to a PC
anyways um so some people were somewhat
surprised at the degree or the amount of
backlash that they received for forcing
this login one major component was
because they forced the login after
people had already purchased the game
this is also not the first time that has
happened yeah but but the really big
kicker was that by forcing PSN they
were suddenly not allowing people in
certain regions of the world to pay this
uh to play this game that they had
bought and been playing for a
significant period of time that's
because the PlayStation network was
simply not available in that region so
they were allowed to buy the game but
they weren't allowed to create an
account that is a prerequisite to play
the game and what's
worse fraud ently declaring that you
live in a different country other than
where you live by use of a VPN or
something can get your PSN Network
banned and then we're back to square one
and you can't play the game yeah so
Gamers raised hell it was great this
doesn't happen that often um in well
okay it happens literally all the time
yeah but it's not often that they
actually get something done I think part
of it and I've been meaning to talk to
you about this but this is my
theory I think the biggest part of it
was that the boycott was
forced yeah by the controversy itself I
think and I've talked about this a fair
bit with the recent battle State Games
controversy smart we've talked about
this a fair bit recently where gamers
are spineless and they will raise hell
about something and then immediately
cave and start playing the game and
buying micro transactions again I have
news about that and these companies
never learn anything but in this case
because the source of the
controversy
inherently forced angry Gamers to stop
playing the game it affected player
numbers in a way that is very large and
very measurable because this is like the
hottest game in the world right now to
the point where they went oh no we can't
do this people are not playing the game
and what we learned is probably nothing
but what we should have learned is that
that's how effective a boycott can be an
actual one an actual one where Gamers
actually stop playing the game and and
rage hard so there there's more to it
some regions also require you to have a
PS4 or PS5 to even have a Playstation
network account so some regions couldn't
do it some regions had to have specific
Hardware Etc it was a nightmare um there
was a huge rage the the arrowhead the
actual developer behind the game like
more or less agreed with the community
and was like this is dumb um and was was
kind of fighting against it as well so
it was it was a very unified force uh
massive massive uh review what do you
call it review bombing on on Steam
tanking the rating of the game very
significantly this was a beloved game a
month ago and is now being heavily hated
on so this was done like on last Friday
I think right before the weekend I think
it's Monday or Tuesday comes around and
Sony pulls it okay you don't need a PSN
account
anymore come today and I got
confirmation by people in chat that this
was today uh you still don't need a
Playstation network account because I
guess they learned that much but I think
they didn't really get the point the
real point the point that people were
really mad about because all those zones
where you can't get PSN now can't buy
the game a lot of people thought those
zones could could play that's not true
if you already own it you can play as
far as my understanding goes please feel
free to correct me but I'm pretty sure
you can play in those zones but now I
think it's
180 uh how is it defined let me find it
here really
quick three more countries banned it's
like
180 areas you can't play the game in
anymore or you can't buy buy the game
anymore they apparently still can't play
so this seems to be very much
yeah it happened today things are
changing
actively 180 Regions they're calling it
uh so it started at 177 and then they
added Estonia Lithuania and Latvia to
that list which brought it to 180 you
can see this changing live because the
steam DB has a history where you can see
changes so people are tracking the
changes live which is
wild yeah it's 180 of the territories
that steam recognizes that Mak the logic
here so that was my question why would
you block people from buying the game in
180 regions what is the point what is
what is
Sony's you know potent because the only
thing I can think of is you there's some
potential legal liability for operating
like you know when you buy a piece of
software and the Ula is like yeah you
have to agree not to use this for acts
of terrorism like like like is there
some kind of is there some kind of
weird potential legal liability from the
game being sold in in these regions but
then you know if that's the case then
why is it a problem to you know to buy
Dave the diver in Congo you know like I
like what what exactly is the logic here
and does it have to do with that Sony is
running their own speaking of Congo
that's one of the places where they
can't buy it is is is it something to do
with the fact that Sony is running PSN
and and so you know if they don't have
all the legalities sorted out for
operating in that region then then they
can't but then if that's the case why
not just wave the requirement I mean
don't don't don't you want our
money you know like from on behalf of
Gamers
everywhere do you not want our money
yeah some people are saying in F chat
this kind of makes sense that they're
doing this now hoping that the backlash
will be less and then they want to add
PSN requirement in the future and then
when only people that could have PSN on
it are really playing the game they're
hoping that the impact will be lower I
don't know if that's the play or not but
they are adding this type of restriction
to another game as well so this is not a
small play for them this is something
that they clearly intend to
do those regions have never gotten
access to the game back they added three
more places today yeah I don't know I
haven't exactly you know tried to play
with an account from Yemen for example
or Zimbabwe uh or any of these other
places Aruba
Angola uh there's there's 180 of them
you can easily see it on the steamdb
website cuz there's the change of adding
180 countries or 173 177 and then three
more um but yeah it's it's it's weird to
me if you were a game development Studio
sure and Sony not a thing I know a ton
about approached you I'll allow it
consider that a lot of game development
Studios do look for publishers not
because in modern day you really need uh
the publishing side of the Publishers
but because you need the funding so
you're a gain development Studio you're
looking for funding you need more
funding to finish your game off you
think it's going to be a hit but it's
not out yet um and Sony approaches you
after this
happened do you take that deal or do you
keep looking because I'm looking I'm
looking at how Arrowhead
is kind of being tossed around in the
middle of this dude I take the money I
mean the games
game development industry is is brutal
um if if that's I mean obviously if I
have another offer I'll consider it yeah
so if it's if like if Sony's the only
one on the table yeah it's like who's my
better option is Microsoft yeah you
might just get
closed and and to be clear you we're not
necessarily talking about an acquisition
but like you know what what are
Microsoft terms going to be do I have to
do I have to allow it to be exclusive on
Game Pass before I can even sell it for
myself or like like what right like I
don't know it depends on on everyone is
going to have strings attached just a
part of the variable there's no free
money yeah so with all of that in mind
it might still it might still be the the
best
option which sucks but like
realistically I don't I don't have a
backup I I I I don't have $25 million to
to give you to finish your game I mean
if lonus if lonus publisher game funding
group existed i' yeah I'd be happy
there's a bunch of other YouTubers
starting
game Publishers I wish them luck with
that I mean hey I I heard there's a lot
of talent looking for work right now
looking to looking to build cool gaming
experiences so that's the one possible
Silver Lining is I think we're going to
see like a like a boom of small Studios
let's Embrace this silver lining for a
quick second to get off this topic
because it kind of sucks anyways um but
big mode from uh oh is it Dunkey or what
yeah uh big mode is this is this game
came out now animal well is it out it
came out today animal well woo people
seem to love this solo Dev did
everything I obviously haven't had time
to play it cuz it came out today but
people are raving about this first game
they've published right yeah sick
overwhelmingly positive Steam Reviews
right now good sign 97% of all reviews
and there's been 1834 reviews out today
7% are marking as positive what is it 3%
of people who own a game review it
yeah 1800 is huge so this thing is
smashing already good job and people
love it so Billy basso great work big
mode good first release maybe I'll go
home and play it dang good job so
speaking of other alternative Publishers
my my way too short video on on a float
plane was talking about how this type of
stuff is is happening more and more
lately and apparently at least big mode
is doing it well I'm not going to say
the rest of them are going to do it well
I'm not going to say there's you know a
ton of Billy basos out there but I'm
really stoked that that this is working
out this is
great very cool obviously I can't tell
everything about the game from this
looks cool kind of reminds me of like
undertale a little bit maybe a little
bit of like Hollow
night
um I don't know it just seems Seems Like
A vibe yeah really interesting art style
look at the Reflections in the water
yeah sick super cool is it very excited
do you know what it's made with Dan uh
he wrote his own
engine all right Billy basso dang dude
absolute Go goat solo Dev my goodness
line lus you're still muted by the way
that's not even fair to the other devs
anyway sorry what I had said before was
it feels like somewhere in between like
or it reminds me a little bit of like
undertale or Hollow KN kind of a I think
it's a puzzle puzzle style platformer
rather than like
a anything else I think hold on how big
is the game uh is this real is it
actually 40 Megs I'm questioning this 34
Megs 34 megabyte game 33 Megs it's
getting smaller they are the mega are
the mega more like Omega bytes under the
system requirements it says that you
need 40 Megs of available space more
like Sigma bites hold look at this look
at this you
a 64-bit processor 1 GHz of speed 1 gig
of RAM and 40 max of space Oh my God I
can run it on my watch is this roller
coaster tycoon what's happening I would
love to know what he wrote this in what
the heck that is incredibly optimized
hey that makes me happy apparently on on
someone's computer right now it's
33.376891
I I mean yeah I want to play this you
know what I'm excited for what are you
excited for we have some leftovers from
the charity stream oh that didn't end up
clearing payment um so the proceeds from
these items will still go to BC
Children's Hospital and the items are
live on our whatnot account they are
available for purchase for anyone to
grab and mobile app users will be able
to easily find the listing by navigating
to our profile lineus Tech tips no
spaces no caps for desktop web users the
products only appear if you search for
the username lineus Tech tips at the top
of the site and view the products that
will appear from your search uh we've
got an Elgato streaming bundle a Corsair
6500 x uh oh I guess that's a gaming
computer because that price is pretty
high that must oh yeah that must be one
of the machines we built uh we have the
LTT probably TSA approved regular
screwdriver what is that a knock to a
cooling bundle it's a weird um I think
it was a full-sized handle with a stubby
oh yeah shaft we have a nocta hoodie and
large his and her shortcircuit hoodie
bundle an Acer Predator Helios neo6 the
alien wear bundle number three and a
couple of LT water bottles all of these
are proceeds for charity so you can go
check them out at whatnot username Linus
Tech tips no spaces no
caps oh we have a boink folding
competition update we're currently
placed fifth in the boink pentathlon and
we need more powerful the for the final
push so visit the folding at homepage on
linch tips.com to join the squad uh
anything else you want to go through in
here Luke uh EA we don't have to talk
about this too much I don't have a lot
of details on it but EA announced that
they might be putting ads in AAA games
uh this isn't entirely new we've seen
ads in games before I don't necessar
know what they mean by this I don't know
if they mean intrusive ads like it's
going to play like a video ad in front
of your face because there's been
product placement in games forever like
Billboards and all this other type of
stuff people just having items it's it's
been a thing forever so I'm assuming
it's new and worse in some way but I
don't have a ton to say about it um
also upgradeable laptops are back LP cam
oh yeah has been in the news lately
Lenovo has released a ThinkPad
workstation that is the first laptop
compatible with LP cam 2 the new you're
muted LP cam 2 is here upgradable
laptops are back Lenovo has released a
ThinkPad workstation that is the first
laptop that's compatible with LP cam 2 a
new dam standard that was recently
published by jck a big selling point for
these new modules is that they will be
faster more efficient and more compact
than so dim and also easier to upgrade
or replace than soldered Ram so they're
kind of The Best of Both Worlds
replacement LP cam 2 modules are
available directly from Micron I have
had a ton of people like seriously this
is probably out of every random esoteric
Tech thing that people have asked me to
make a video about this has been the
most common I have someone messag me
about it probably once a month or so
over the last while I don't get a ton of
video requests like directly in my DMs
or my inbox or my mentions but this is
one that has come up enough times that
I'm like wow people sure ask me to make
a video about this a lot well
conveniently for
you we did and here's the ad that plays
before
it there we go oh yeah it's LP
cam we did a whole video and it was
pretty cool and we covered it in pretty
darn good detail we even had a module
back a year ago uh you're welcome more
like a year and a half ago we also hey
you know before you send me a DM asking
me to make a video
just just drop a quick you know look on
one of our variety of channels drop a
quick search you know
Cam and just you know see what happens
because you might just find a video
about it we've uh We've definitely
covered a lot of stuff over the years
anyway thank you for the suggestion uh
this is really exciting because it's uh
it's not really mentioned in our notes
here but uh the ability to run at the
same speeds as having the uh the
packages soldered onto the main board is
a huge Advantage basically with so dim
Alex explains it in great detail in that
video uh we worked together on the
script for it and he did an amazing job
but basically the trace length is just
too long for sodm to keep up anymore and
uh cam helps reduce the trace length the
the the maximum Trace length U
significantly allowing us to hit not
quite the same speeds as soldering um
directly on the motherboard or
especially now we're seeing memory
soldered like on package or not soldered
but we're seeing memory added to the to
the package so not quite at the same
level but hey it's upgradeable which is
an advantage for users and even an
advantage for system Builders who want
to be able to offer multiple
configurations uh find my device
expansion oh yeah I got an email about
this Google is finally rolling out its
promised find my device expansion which
will help users locate both online and
offline devices and it works pretty much
the same as Apple's find my network um
there's a billion plus Android devices
in the network that will ping your
device over Bluetooth if it's nearby and
send the end to-end encrypted
information to find my device the system
also stores recent locations with
timestamps so it can be used to find
offline devices and as recently as a
couple of weeks ago we managed to get
yvon's parse back using an Apple Air tag
this is very really useful things I told
Luke about it already that person was
definitely going to keep it until oh
yeah I disclosed that there was a
tracker on it and I was going to be able
to make make noise with it as soon as I
got in touch with my son back home to
Ping it because I didn't bring an iPhone
with me on the trip um anywh who users
that wish to opt out of the feature can
do so through settings and users can
also manage when they want to
participate whether it's only in high
traffic areas or all areas perhaps
controversially users have the option to
benefit from the network by using it to
find their device without participating
themselves I am against that yeah me too
I think that if you complely agree if
you want to be able to find your device
I think Google should just draw the line
here and basically say no what you want
to you want to use the network to find
your missing device but you're not going
to contribute to it why don't you just
go drink a nice cold glass of off
and cuz like it's it's it's not like
it's not encrypted not reing yeah yeah
not cool yeah you're going to download a
Linux ISO you should help other people
download Linux isos unfortunately the
purse story we were in a pretty chaotic
head space I'm not going to remember all
the details but we were at lwigs for the
shoot uh we got an Uber back to our
hotel realized when we got to the hotel
holy crap we don't have it we assumed
that she had accidentally left it in the
Uber uh remember or not remember but you
might not know this um we had pulled an
all nighter right before the trip
painting pl's car she stayed up with me
um and we were working on it
together neither of us was really at our
best on that trip um so we assumed it
was in the Uber we called the Uber
driver because that's a feature and he
was like I have a fair right now um I'll
check you know when I pull over um he
didn't call back so Ivon calls him back
later he goes yeah I checked in the back
seat it's not there and she goes well
okay what about the trunk and he's like
I have a fair I'll check later we're
like
okay well just in case it's not in the
Uber why don't we head back to lwig
Studio yeah um it was not simple to get
in touch with um with my son to check
the air tag location because I had left
my iPhone back home what am I going to
need my iPhone for I'll just bring my
regular phone um so we hadn't managed to
get in touch with him yet so we were
like okay well why don't we just head
back to the studio maybe we accidentally
left it in the
studio we got there and it was right
around that time that we learned a bunch
of things so the driver got back to us
eventually that it wasn't in the car so
we went uhoh we searched the studio it
wasn't there we got the ability to to uh
see where it was but we couldn't ping it
yet long story
um and oh no we could ping it but we
couldn't find it in lewig studio so now
we're really worried now we've got the
like last known location but it was a
long time ago and it was at a park that
was like a little ways away from lwig
studio and we're like okay that's a bad
sign Because unless we drove past
someone with an iPhone as we were
leaving and that was the last time it
got pinged and it was in the Uber which
the guy said it wasn't but like you
never know I had a cabby lie and say
that I didn't leave a jacket in a cab
once and they definitely had it uh
unless that's what happened um this
thing is pretty lost and even if that's
what happened this thing is pretty lost
uh but then it started to get updates
more recently and it was just like at
the intersection near this park and I I
had already had the idea that if we left
it on the sidewalk um someone might have
just grabbed
it Chuck been walking you know cuz
you're going to be moving just ditched
the tracker like in the park just hucked
it in a garbage can or something like
that and and then and then took the
purse with them cuz the tracker's just
hanging in plain sight off of the purse
it's not like in a hidden pocket or
anything and uh so I had already kind of
walked past the spark a couple of times
earlier and I was while we were waiting
and stuck and not able to get in touch
with my son um I I had suggested to Ivon
that we like walk around the park and
like look in garbage cans and stuff like
that um because it would be it would be
great if they just took the cash and
then chucked the whole purse tracker
included so I was kind of Still Holding
Out for that
um so I didn't realize because I was
looking at the find my app never
actually had to use it to find anything
before so I was looking at the find my
app through my son's phone at the other
screen and it's like a huge icon like
this and I didn't realize it actually
comes to a pinpoint so at some point I
realized no no it's exactly at that
point in the intersection where that
weird like hoarder looking truck full of
garbage and with like uh a kid and
someone in it and clearly like no
intention of moving there's a lot of
like RVs and stuff parked around like it
was clearly a um a poorer neighborhood
where people were living out of their
vehicles um so clearly so so that
vehicle had caught my eye before and now
I realized that the pin was like right
on
it um they didn't speak any English so
we um we had interacted with them just
sort of casually already but finally we
were like okay well we need to talk to
them because uh uh yeah we're going to
have to like Google translate moment
figure this out at some point so we pull
out Google translate and Ivon basically
goes I lost my purse um have you seen a
purse and they go no and we kind of
go okay um well I need to wait a little
bit longer before I can ping this on my
own because by then my son was doing
something else and we couldn't just have
like him ping it oh right oh I remember
why we couldn't just have him ping it
because uh it wasn't near anything on
the find my network so so we had the
Loca the last location we had the
ability to Ping it with the iPhone but
we didn't have an iPhone so we had to go
back to see this is why I told you I was
going to get the details wrong we had to
go back to the studio my phone battery
was dead so I couldn't call ion I was
worried the truck would like leave uh
because they had seen me kind of walking
around a lot um right we had to go back
to the studio they did they had an
iPhone but it belonged to an employee
who wasn't there anymore and they didn't
have the PIN to to to reset it so we we
had to like search for whether a Macbook
participates in the find my network we
finally got that we brought it back we
had to connect it to an internet
connection which wasn't working on my
phone cuz my phone died so we had to
tether it to Ivans her phone was almost
dying so we finally got to that point so
then we talked to them again because we'
already talked to them we already said
we lost the purse but we hadn't we
didn't have any way to Ping it so now we
had a way to Ping it I right I couldn't
sign into my Apple ID on the MacBook
because my 2fa was on my phone which
Char I had so I was like I was in the
middle of reverse charging while I was
sitting there cuz there's Anroid app
that you can use to Ping unfamiliar
trackers but it has to be near you for
10 minutes so we have these multiple
timers I'm trying to reverse Wireless
charge my phone I'm trying to figure out
how to log into my Apple ID maybe
without it or something or like I could
team viewer into something and get
something and then Ivonne is meanwhile
waiting for this countdown timer for the
10 minutes so finally we get there and
we're ready to talk to them again and
we're ready to ping it and so I go over
to the Taco Stand that's like on the
street next to I'm like hey uh Google
translate moment again do you mind
turning down your music I'm trying to
hear a Tracker and we go back and ask
one more time uh hey um we've got a
tracker on the purse
um and so have you seen it because it's
going to make a noise soon and they go
oh yeah yeah I was going to give it to
you um yeah my my kid was sleeping so I
couldn't before Oh yeah and we kind of
go
totally
okay and she goes yeah yeah uh I was I
was going to give it to you and and this
is oh right a kid has been brought in a
neighborhood kid has been brought in to
translate yeah yeah I was I was going to
give it to you uh my my husband found it
and um and and gave it to me and I was
going to give it to you and we're
like okay anytime
now so um she goes and gets it
and sure enough it's yvon's purse I
guess they had no idea what an air tag
was because it was still sitting on it
she hands it back to Ivonne uh who
immediately opens it up to give her the
cashes a reward as she's saying
everything's in there uh and Ivon
goes oh well I guess you helped yourself
to your reward already which may not
have actually been the lady it might
have been the husband who found it or
even someone before that or even someone
before that but one way or another the
cash wasn't in it uh but you know what
honestly we were so happy to have it
back that we had to go bother one of
Ludwig's poor team members for like this
is probably the fourth or fifth time by
this point cuz we went in to look for it
and then we went in to like borrow an
iPhone and then we went in to go like
hey I'm actually how about a Macbook and
then we went in for some other reason
we're like ringing the door every time
right who who the heck are these guys no
I knew who knew who we were um but then
the last thing we had to do was because
we
no offense to anyone didn't really want
to walk around and look for an ATM um
we're like hey do you have any cash we
can like PayPal you replacement cash but
we had no cash on us because I don't
carry it and Ivon had her cash taken uh
so we still gave her a reward thinking
maybe someone cuz why would you why
would you confidently hand someone their
purse going everything's in it when it's
not when it wasn't so at the very least
she probably didn't know um or maybe
didn't know who know she she very
possibly didn't know and they clearly
hadn't time hadn't had time to go
through it in detail so what I suspect
was Buddy picked it up grabbed the cash
immediately so that he didn't have to
tell his wife that he had cash cuz like
some relationships are like that and I
can def I definitely got a Vibe um that
you know there might have been some
dishonesty right around yeah um you know
so probably grabbed the cash dumped it
in the in the like hoarder looking truck
thing that was just it was like full of
garbage like full of garbage um which is
weird because there were garbage cans in
the park that were empty they could have
easily put their garbage in there but no
they chose to keep it in their truck um
and then intended to go and look through
it later is is the vibe I got because
her airpods were still in there um and
airpods Pros like if you have any idea
what those are that's one of the first
things pretty quick yeah y her airpods
Pros were still in there uh there were
no transactions on any of the credit
cards none of them had been removed
clearly they thought they had all the
Time in the World to come back and and
go through it and figure out you know
what was a value other than the cash um
so so thank you thank you Apple for your
air tag system that you um are now
finally have done your part to help
Google also have their own system so I
don't have to buy your air tags anymore
and I'll actually be able to um ping
stuff myself without carrying around my
stupid iPhone
but but does Google have like what
tracker can we get on the Google side
well they'll they'll be coming okay yeah
yeah very excited it's going to be
that'll be really
nice yeah yeah I am um I'm
very very happy that we got it back we
ended up giving we offered them a meal
uh because there was the food stand
right there and they were like no I
don't want that and so we went and got
cash and brought it back I'm like okay
sure sure sure
fine I decided on $60 for those of you
who must know I felt like that was there
were apparently three of them so they
can get some food and I figure I didn't
owe them any more than the bare minimum
since I mean they weren't they were
clearly not intending on giving it back
one of them or another already had our
cash and the other one clearly didn't
intend to give us back the rest of of
the stuff I like what are you talking
about you were going to return it if
you're going to return it you could have
easily found the phone number in it and
called it that would have been an option
um anyway it was very very stressful
this was like the first day of our trip
second this was the second day of our
trip and we had two more days to come
and it would have just been fortunately
her passport was not in there yeah she
had her passport separate never have
some countries some countries force you
to walk around with your passport that
is utterly insane yeah but it is a thing
but if if that's not the case leave it
in your hotel safe uh we should get on
to merch messages because I have about
six
minutes uh oh I'll do I'll do some more
I can do some more time than that but um
yeah let's let's after dark
it that's the wrong
button right
I've already done
it what's on this side I have a remote
wow thanks Andy nice
Dan good
job oh that wasn't me leaving I was
trying to adjust the lights I gotta
howdy lld I am back in graduate school
after 20 years in a job where priorities
were obvious how do you prioritize when
tasks are numerous wait you already gave
us that I already gave you that one it
was so long ago farmer Nebraska and
solar storms are wreaking havoc today
interference with our GPS systems needs
to be precision and has brought planting
to a halt across the state needed for
precision oh Precision agriculture yeah
oh that's
interesting scary to an industry
thoughts yeah that's uh that is an
impact of solar storms that I would not
personally have thought of me
neither thoughts it's not going to
happen that often I think unless it does
I don't know yeah maybe yeah solar
warming solar solar climate change the
other way solar climate change I think
they usually get colder
um yeah un unless they don't un they get
a lot hotter and bigger
um yikes thoughts I don't know all right
let's next one we we'll have to embrace
tradition yeah L got to go pretty quick
uh my
goodness uh apparently the largest storm
is going to be here about 10: p.m. to 2:
a.m. today if we can uh get outside oh
to see the Northern Lights I have living
in Canada I have still never seen them
well me neither cuz most the times that
they announce them it's just you're not
going to see it here but theoretically
this one you like actually might sick
cuz they're always like oh you can see
it in Vancouver and you go outside it's
like no you really can't well it's
always overcast here so that's an issue
but maybe these ones biggest one since
2005 sick hi lld do you think Linux will
ever gain competitive market share in
the new consumer space yes well okay it
already is happening exhibit a steam
deck yeah sick and if valve ever
releases Steam OS man I would seriously
consider running Steam OS for like a
media center PC like like a TV the
console like experience of Steam OS very
cool very awesome hey LDL love the wind
show curious what you guys think about
the future where AI plays a role in
government in an effort to eliminate the
inherited flaws of Being Human greed
power bias Etc well those last three
things that you just said are all the
reasons that they're not going to allow
AI to make those decisions because then
they wouldn't get the benefits of their
greed power and bias um I think it'll
take a long time
for AI to play a significant role there
because it's pretty obvious that they
have no interest in logic and doing
whatever is sort of clearly the most
correct thing I also think that there's
a huge chance for when we start doing
that those systems become compromised
and then uh utilized in in like office
space you know scrape the pennies off
style ways that are going to be
difficult to notice with lacking
oversight uh and cause extremely major
problems after trying Windows Mac and
Linux I've uh found that all are missing
some great features from one another
what features do you think should be
universally implemented by operating
system sleep that works got them windows
stop turning yourself on to do updates
and crashing stop turning yourself on at
all if I turn you off stay off period
wake timers do
nothing uh no there's no super pro
checks tonight guys um what features do
you think should be universally I
mean a lot of operating systems are like
I don't you don't interface with it that
much yeah I really don't that much I use
my browser so much more than I use the
oper system itself it makes me sad that
more websites aren't services but I
understand like I probably interact with
steam more than I interact with Windows
if you think about it yeah yeah I think
I agree to be honest because I I launch
a computer I make sure teams slack and
chrome are
open I'm done I'm trying if I'm working
Snipping Tool yeah you know like like
what but then they all do they not all
does does I know Linux and Windows no no
I'm not saying as a feature I'm just
trying to think of other things I need
to have open yeah like almost nothing
your clock for work anyway yeah
sure man does it bother you as much as
it bothers me that you can't click on
the time in the corner and get a
secondhand anymore on Windows 11 oh yeah
it's dumb what the heck I I use it as
just like like a like a timer clock what
why just just give it back and why did
you take away the very bottom right
great show desktop thing and you can
turn it back on which is nice do you use
that by the way click all the way down
in the bottom right to show the desktop
yeah mine is turned back on yeah it's
like why did you not on this computer
mind you but on my computer at home it
is it wasn't in the way of anything that
was the whole
point
oh it's reminding me to take my
antibiotics ah
yeah uh I'm patiently waiting for the
Precision screwdriver is there any new
news on it are you really patiently
waiting
though if you message me about it are
you patient I paid money to ask you
about it uh yeah that's that seems like
the opposite of patience to be clear I'm
not complaining um but it doesn't seem
patient is all I'm saying soon soon my
pretties I think we ran into uh a weird
complication where it turns out that
another major Precision screwdriver
vendor um got the tolerances backwards
so instead of having uh the bits be
exactly exactly a size and then
accounting for tolerance in the bits by
having the female side in their driver
be bigger they made the female side of
the driver be exactly exactly the size
and had their bits be smaller to account
for tolerance issues so the standard is
basically fed because this is a major
vendor and so we did it correctly
which would have made at the edges of
tolerances our driver incompatible with
third party bits ah not because we did
anything wrong so these are the kinds of
things that um hey you know you that's
why you do pre-production runs and
that's why you do validation and testing
and uh everything will be okay we're
going this is why Hardware is difficult
we're going to do it wrong basically in
order to maintain compatibility as best
we can fa enough but we're unhappy about
and we're going to
gripe I use my LTD driver to remove a
GPS tracking device and ignition cut off
for my 2013 Ford Fiesta have you ever
found a device or Tech installed where
it shouldn't have been I blame the
dealership that sounds wild is that from
like a like a like a lease or like a I
think you're in a movie now I think I
think you get to be the star of a movie
now that's wild wonder if it was a lease
that they sold and then it was just
still there maybe or maybe it was a
rental car that the dealership then sold
dealership sell a lot of rental cars and
a Ford Fiesta would have been very or
maybe it was a finance deal and it's
there so that they can repo
it that actually seems like man all of
those all of them are dystopian and all
of them seem plausibly likely yeah I
hate all of
it bird question for Luke
at a pet store in conure conure uh when
he sees my 18-month-old son gets as it's
not in con it's Conor is a type of bird
it's type A Conor oh sorry I'm trying to
go quickly not doing very good right now
it's all good it's uh at a pet store a
Conor when he sees my 18th 18-month-old
son gets as close as possible to him
turns on his side and rolls into the
glass of the cage is this a good or bad
behavior I don't know Conor super well I
would say that's a good behavior uh
Conor are very hand friendly and they
like to cuddle and stuff like that so he
probably feels safe and wants to cuddle
and be friendly and nice I I would read
that as a very POS like very notably
positive behavior but I've never had
those birds I don't 100% know but I
would I would say it's good
8085 dll I'm looking forward to watching
the Borderlands movie when it comes out
even if it's bad what video game movies
are wor you excited about also more tall
shirts when thanks for all you do I was
excited about the Warcraft movie and I
hated
it hated it wow tell me how you really
feel I went to go see with my brother
and we were both just like mad the whole
time it was
annoying people are saying why it
shouldn't have been live action that was
dumb blizzard has like historically
amazing cinematics they they basically
always did and always have yeah them and
squaresoft were like killed it and then
they released a liveaction movie which
was just weird and then they borked a
bunch of the lore which was like what
are you doing you mad bro you have like
a bunch of the like weirdest nerdiest
lore heavy fans and then you're just
like change some stuff you mad bro what
yeah I was yeah do you have a habit of
periodically downloading your account
data from the products and services you
use the last time I remember doing so
was to see where my brother's friend
spent his V bucks I
don't I mean yeah I could see that maybe
being useful you know in case who knows
you know Amazon decides to stop showing
you all of your previous purchases or
something like that right like yeah I
could see it being useful but no I
really don't make a habit of it I don't
either probably should
yeah hey lldd I'm a hiring manager and
just got done with an on-site interview
where the candidate was technically
sound but not a behavioral fit
how do you screen for both given limited
interview time actually really like that
wording yeah not a behavioral fit yeah I
do I do what I call culture fit
interviews and then I do technical
interviews afterwards and to be clear
like a culture fit does not mean uh
discriminatory it means yeah I
absolutely need to work with you on a
daily basis and I have to make sure that
that's not going to make both of us want
to blow our brains out yeah Ivon asked
me some hilarious Prest questions and it
was very good interview I mean yeah zon
so I'm sure it
was um I also have asked some hilarious
questions but I don't think anyone would
say they had a good
interview I liked I liked my interview
it was really long well yeah I mean if
you're going to hire someone then you
should take the time right oh yeah but
wasn't ours like hours and hours long I
don't remember didn't you have to get
dinner in the middle of it I think
you've talked about it before you drove
me home cuz all the buses shut down I
showed up immediately after it was it
was like I think monster right here it
was like 4:35 p.m. is and then by the
time we were done the interview the bus
system had shut down and it was dark
[Laughter]
out this is cool agent ji something uh I
have the interview then I give them a
tour the tour really helps figure out
their interest and personality that's a
really good idea that's cool I like that
a lot actually that's really clever I've
I've thought for a while super cool
start like playing tape to tape with
people or something like doing an
activity with someone I think is
extremely informative yeah that's what
Aon did with me oh what' she do uh
interview then tour oh typical she's so
good at
it um sick yeah I don't know if that's
for everybody uh let's see I'm in the
process of building my first house and
I'm thinking about doing the painting
myself to save money I'm currently
looking for looking at spraying would
that be worth it and what should I look
out for spray what is your sanity worth
to you painting's a lot of work and it's
tedious um I think what you should
do is man you're in the process of
building your own house man you got you
got so much to do okay so it depends if
this is new construction spraying can be
very efficient and can be pretty cost
effective if everything else is in place
you probably don't want to spray the
amount of work that you save by spraying
instead of rolling it's going to cost
you in masking everything off and
protecting everything else from
overspray um I would say painting is the
kind of thing that some people even very
handy people just don't have patience
for and it's worth painting one room
because presumably you can do that
painting one room to see if you have the
temperament for it and if you don't just
have a professional come in and do it
they'll come in they'll rip through the
job um especially if it's new
construction they really know what
they're doing there and then it's just
done hey DL I wait sorry ask for what to
look out for don't waste money on on
just
extra crap that you don't need you do
not need a a special little bucket for
holding your paint when you go up the
ladder you just use a paint bucket you
fold over the the handle you hold that
in your thumb you hold the bottom of the
paint bucket and you just fill it up
about this much it's called a cut can
not because you cut the can but it's for
cutting in the edges um so you just put
like this much paint in the bottom then
you dip your brush bang it on the sides
and just paint a nice steady line just
use a like a sash um I think it's called
a sash brush the kind that's
shaped like that okay like kind of like
a sword um so don't don't waste money on
on like you know oh yeah buy this little
thing that goes on the Ed end of a pole
and you know you like run it along the
top to do edging don't don't do any of
that stuff the only things you need to
paint a room are a brush a roller pull a
roller a cut can and a drop cloth never
ever no job is so small that you don't
need a drop
cloth don't do it it's not wor this from
other people as well specifically about
the drop
cloth hey D I might try to Skunk Works a
landan at open sace What's your most
obscure land Party favorite that you've
had issues running on Modern systems
liar but there is a there's a modern
like redo but it doesn't include some of
my favorite things to do in Old learo it
had a map editor that was a lot of fun
we uh we spent a lot of time in Mr mcl's
portable what is Lio uh it's a little
like it's like worms but Real Time 1 V
one oh yeah it's like it's ancient how
do you spell it l i e r o
whoa it is definitely ancient it's super
fun that's sweet D I have been Amazon
free for a year after listening to Luke
recently I had two Tech orders placed at
other stores ship from Amazon got how do
you avoid this should companies have to
disclose this yeah gotam what okay I've
received boxes that were
Amazon boxes
from other companies but I don't
think I don't think they just relabeled
it personally I think they just had that
box and reused it
um wow I don't run into this very often
just try to find another store I don't
think there's like you're not going to
be able to go back to them and be like I
didn't want this to come from Amazon um
but yeah just uh just go somewhere else
there only so much you can do yeah best
advice Get
Wrecked yeah good one
Luke uh oh my God they they said the
names properly hello Dan Luke and lonus
this feels wrong now uh any update on
whale land and what are you looking
forward to seeing it computex from M
Barton the whale I'm kind of hoping for
NVIDIA 5000 series at computex that'd be
pretty cool I don't actually think it's
that likely but i' I'd certainly be into
it could use a new you know GPU family
maybe the pricing Won't
Suck sorry it's not funny um update on
wh land no we've got to work things out
with the city that's probably going to
take some time we'll see how it goes
hopefully they are um willing to work
with us in good faith and if not then I
mean it might be dead so uh yeah that
would sure be
lame lame land yeah lame land it's
online all right and on that note hey
thanks so much for tuning in we will see
you again next week same bad time we're
going to skim through
potentials same bad channel oh I do need
to skip through quick but there is a
bunch of potentials I those were
collapsed by default I didn't even see
them oh I'll start top you start bottom
uh I mean sure lus would you consider
daily driving a Sony Smartphone
absolutely the one thing I'm waiting for
is for them to allow reversing the back
and multitask buttons um I I am
right-handed I use back a lot and I
usually use my phone in my right hand I
cannot be reaching across it like that
so I just I just need them to get that
done and then I'm good to go I'm I'm so
ready I'm trying to curate oh okay
William asks uh we've heard about the
charges that App Stores charge but how
much did a store like NC make off of a
$60 game so NC had very very poor
relationships with game Publishers and
game distributors
uh so we would make as little we we
could make as much as about three or4
off of a $60 game and as little as
losing money in order to hit MSRP it was
very stupid basically physical media
sales was a complete disaster from us
from day Zero until the very end it just
made absolutely no sense whatsoever
there was also like barely any there it
was a yeah well if we didn't make any
money on them yeah why would we stock
them occasionally we'd bring in some of
like a really hot new title just to kind
of bring people in the door and have
them be aware that we existed but that
was the only business reason that we
would ever do that I'm just going to
take a screenshot here this isn't
freezing if you think that's happening
okay
cool uh do continue if you have any
more oh do you want me to just like do
stuff uh okay no I'm done I can read now
sorry uh hey lld I've been really
enjoying David as a host recently what
went into his move from shooting to
hosting was it something he initiated or
was it suggested by someone else at the
company oh I mean I think that would be
a story for David to tell but um I
thought that might be the case I just I
was super sure guess I can kind of tell
maybe my part of it I I've always really
enjoyed working with David and I think
that from you know my point of view um
it was It was a
a cool potential path for him to to
progression I think that he'd been in
that role for a really long time and I
think that uh I think it's been really
really positive uh we've always I really
like his stuff I I see I got to be
careful when I'm putting words in other
people's mouths right because I was
about to say we've always enjoyed
working together but for all I know
hecking hates my guts right who knows
possible I mean I don't know that he'd
still be here if that were the case he's
been here a long time now is he at his I
mean you know I can't get into people's
start dates you got to be so careful
right about as an employer disclosing
people's information I think I'm pretty
sure that everything I'm saying right
now is within bounds but you got to just
you got to be so careful anyway I always
really enjoyed working with him and I
thought it would be uh be pretty cool to
work on more of like the planning the
video side together as opposed to the
execution of the video side together and
we've got some quite senior members of
the camera team that are really awesome
to the point where we didn't need David
to be there all day every day anymore um
we've got Andy and second Andy and
Andrew he goes by Andrew I was just I
was so tickled when he came back from a
family function of some sort and he was
like yeah I kept people kept uh talking
to me and I'd go oh where's Andy because
he he gets called Andy and it never even
occurred to me because he goes by Andrew
here and also because we have
Andy and Andrew in the camera department
so nobody would ever think to call
Andrew Andy but like yeah obviously it's
short for um and then Glenn Glenn's been
doing awesome work um with the camera
team lately as well so we yeah we've got
like three really good dedicated camera
camera people and some and some others
that can kind of sub in when needed so
yeah David moved over to writing I think
he's been doing a great job he's got a
very creative
mind very very creative mind he loves
he's a he's a doer he's a he's a thinker
we've got we've got I mean obviously the
only reason I'm talking about David is
because you asked uh we've got a really
really great team overall world class
but that was specifically in my version
of the story not putting any words in
this mouth why that particular
transition took
place hey dll loved the Luma field CT
scanner video was wondering what you
think about heat reactive cups that show
the internals of various products when
it heats up it's a super cool idea
pretty neat uh finding a mug source that
doesn't have any lead in their has
been very difficult if you've ever
wondered why we're the only merch store
on Earth what that doesn't have mugs
that's a thing it's not for lack of
effort but it's in a lot of the it's in
a lot of the um the like ceramic
coloring like the treatment yeah I was
my probably fine current current amount
of years old when I figured out that
Crystal
is lead crystal yeah like old Crystal
cookware whatever was all is all lead I
have no idea I don't think a lot of it
actually leeches into whatever's in it
but like sure you
know yeah so um at some point we're
going to figure it out maybe I also was
deeply uncomfortable with um how bone
china works so only a certain percentage
of what they fire uh meets the the the
quality standard which you know is
inherent I guess um but the solution to
that is that anything that doesn't meet
standard they have specially mapped out
landfills where it just all
goes okay any industry that has so much
waste that they have their own special
landfill where they can put all of their
stuff I I thought it had something to do
with how it was mapped out I was
confused us a second all right yeah no
no it's just there's a ton of waste so
much for every mug that we sold on the
store they were going to produce like
three to meet our quality standards so
we were just like how about no yeah yeah
how about not that all right so that's
pretty cool hey W.D what are your daily
driver battery Banks and hold on to be
clear to be clear there might be
suppliers that do a better job or
whatever but we haven't found them so
we're so and yeah there you
go what's your daily driver battery bank
I remember you mentioning
one
um it's uh hold on I'm going to get
the anchor 733 power bank so it's a
combination wallwart slash power bank
with PD um it's kind of inconvenient how
heavy it is so especially when I'm
traveling on like loose hotel and plane
Outlets it has a tendency fall yeah feel
how heavy it is yeah I can see that
happen it has a tendency to fall out but
um the convenience of having a battery
bank that is always charged because I
use it anytime I charge my laptop and it
charges this at the same time that's
actually pretty cool outweighs it
um yeah I mean look I've talked about
this before we won't take anchors money
because I I don't think they've ever
really made right um from that whole
that whole security camera Yi brand
situation thing um but that doesn't mean
I won't use the product like people seem
people seem to be very confused
sometimes about the things that I say
there's a difference between company and
self there's also people find this to be
a very difficult concept when it comes
to me and Amazon because they know that
float plane has some workings through
AWS and they're like you boycot Amazon
but you used AWS stuff with Flo PL I'm
like yeah you criticize society yet you
participate in society it's like what
like it's I as an individual won't do it
this is not the gacha that you think it
is I um I I just I am I'm willing to buy
a product and use it or in that in that
case probably they sent it to us as a
sample I don't know but I'm willing to
use a product I'm not willing to endorse
it and I'm not willing to take their
money in order to promote it to you yeah
that's it it's that
simple for lonus are you still using
your steam deck
no I did just finally finish Dave the
diver though was awesome I played it on
the Ally nice yeah it's a good game did
you did you play it I started it I
didn't get super gripped and with that
type of gameplay time I should be
spending more time in Final Fantasy 6 so
I have not continued oh yeah have you
played it at all a little bit oh really
just not a lot where you at I'm still
stuck in that town I don't remember the
name of it wow you suck yeah he's still
in Zozo yeah you might say that his
effort has been Zozo
yeah you get a bell for that one lldd
have you ever met a person who you
thought was a fan but they were actually
some acquaintance you just forgot you
met oh yeah 100% 100% like especially at
trade shows oh cuz man there'll be
someone I haven't seen in eight years or
whatever and they remember me because
they watch the videos or something so
their memory of me is constantly being
refreshed and mine isn't and no offense
but like I'm really bad with names and
faces and I even going back to my days
at NC when I had no YouTube channel at
all I I would be meeting so many people
um because I was a retailer and
generally like you know everyone's
trying to get their product in your
store so I would I would have so many
people wanting to meet me that I there's
so many faces and I'm so sleep deprived
like I just I'm I'm at my worst at trade
shows I try my best but I'm at my worst
and so I just often have this issue I
will I will sometimes start an encounter
with someone and I'll I'll just gamble
because I have no idea I'll be like hey
nice to see you again and they're like
what or I'll be like hey nice to meet
you and they're like this is about the
fourth time but sure you got to do the
neutrals no I I I just own it at this
point good to see
you first time last time who knows no I
just no I just I just own it at this I
do neutrals for sure even if I'm 100%
confident do neutrals if I get it wrong
I'm just like yeah I'm sorry I'm really
bad with names and
faces I think it's a learning disability
one of my problems is actually they
can't they can't come after me if I say
it's a
disability no seriously I can't do it to
the point where I think they're might be
something wrong with me isn't that part
of ADHD stuff I thought it I thought it
was sure I don't know well it's a
learning disability
sure I don't know for me I constantly
think I I like might recognize
people so then who knows cuz I'll be
like I might know this person from like
hockey when I was also might have been
at like a viewer Meetup or that so who
knows or whatever else I'm like could be
relationship I have no clue and then
they'll say hi and I'm like sure could
be generic white dude could be met at a
Meetup could be played sports with I
have no
clue all right next up let's keep going
okay I'm going to go with that I'm just
going to say sorry I'm neuro Divergent
nice which is not untrue that is true
let's keep it going hi Luke other than
NASA what government Tech infrastructure
would you like to tour like a nuclear
power plant yeah if we want to see all
their floppy discs I
guess anxiety yes greetings from W team.
LTT would like advice from lonus it's
been a few months since I bought my
manual car and it's the best purchase
decision I've ever made any tips and
tricks for me have fun enjoy it while it
lasts I mean it's I don't think they're
going to keep making them at least not
at affordable price points for much
longer I mean you'll be able to get
older vehicles obviously but replacement
parts are eventually going to become
difficult to source and the whole manual
dve driving lifestyle is going to fall
by the wayside yeah they have like
simulated manual now but oh the CVT G
awesome yeah every article I've read
about it is like this is actually fing
incredible and it's funny because I I
every time I come across another one I
send it to Alex Clark with like a
because I told him that that I thought
that would be something that could like
get me really into a car is like having
all the torque of electric with like the
fun of just playing with the playing
with even if it's a fake gearbox like
gear by wire or whatever um and he every
time he's like he like oh man it's it's
hilarious like seee harder bro because
he hates it so much he's a mechanical
engineering guy right like
he anyway when I get a chance to when we
finally get a chance to try one I think
we're almost going to have to do two
completely separate short
circuits that he'll have to do one and
have to do one if you if you did yeah oh
or you do
one but you have you guys cover the same
thing and you just cover it like back by
back or like splice together be kind of
fun that'd be interesting yeah hey D
early in my it career as a help desk
Tech after performing a career change uh
what is a memorable or favorite moment
early in your
careers I mean my very first day at the
computer store being a boxing day which
is the Canadian equal of Black Friday
was oh I'm so sorry absolutely
wild that's pretty epic uh there was
there was one day where uh my supervisor
at the time in Geek Squad told me that I
could take my overshirt part of my
uniform off so I wouldn't get stopped by
employees and could just hide in the
back and just work on computers cuz we
were backed up and he thought I would be
the fastest at fixing everything that's
pretty cool and I was so filled with
pride that I did as good of a job as I
possibly could have because I was like
this is sick
that was cool very early lmg I'll never
forget packing for that very first
CES putting together that that like
duffel that had the editing computer
with the extreme Edition in it like the
super super tiny editing computer and
then like it had like a like a monitor
or two like packed in it I think one of
them ended up getting broken at some
point maybe that was at a different
trade show it eventually got broken
think it was eventually but we had these
like Acer like super slim for the time
uh IPS monitors that were like honestly
pieces of like by modern standards
but they were good enough that we could
edit videos um and like this whole
clever idea that we were going to set up
an editing Booth like an editing Suite
like in our hotel room and like like man
we were up late those nights and we were
like filming videos of the prep so that
we'd have videos to upload because it
was du or die time if we didn't make
videos like that was it Luke and Ed
didn't get paid and I had to go get a
job like I also didn't get paid was that
simple yeah we cranked that that year
was
crazy that year was absolutely nuts
we're all probably going to live a
little bit less long because of that one
trip just a tiny amount oh yeah 100% but
yeah no question hello Dan Luke and lus
Luke I'm on the opposite side of my
health Journey from you being
underweight and apathetic how would you
approach healing in my case well I have
no experience with that really at one
point in time I was very very skinny um
really yeah I had like fainting problems
from it and do you have any memory of
this time or it was before I knew the
skinny in the room with us right now
fetal fetal at this point or oh my
goodness no no no this was like in high
school um if I if I sat down and leaned
forward my gut didn't even go out it
still came in I was really skinny it was
largely because I was growing way too
fast yeah I knew the humble brag was
coming I was just I was just too tall
and Chad say how tall I was at the time
I just said it was a growth spur I was
very tall at the time um and my was
growing
too it probably was statistically um and
it's it comes to you know you got to
consume more calories if you want to
gain more weight and then the apathetic
part this isn't going to help with the
needing to consume more calories bit but
I find to be inspired to do things you
have to actually do the thing first you
have to be in motion if you want to stay
in motion basically um be a flywheel
let's go yeah so do more stuff and stuff
food in your face try not to
just like feed with garbage either
though to be clear you don't want a
dirty bulk just eat more food in general
one thing that can help with that is
eating more dense
calories cuz like if you think about the
how people do it in the in the opposite
actually though I know have have more
nuts you'll be really surprised at how
many calories are in nuts so if you go
to like Costco and buy those big tubs of
just like nuts the amount of calories
that are in one of those tubs is insane
y calories and Luke's nuts you wouldn't
believe
it they're trying to eat meals not
snacks okay last one I got here LT and
Nvidia thank you for the 480 super
winning it prompted an emergency case
change what was the what was one of the
most memorable times you acquired
something and it led to other purchases
you know what I'm going to ignore the
second part of your question because the
most memorable time I ever won something
was when my school did like a fundraiser
thing where you like sell whatever and
like raise money and out of the like 350
students uh they drew one of those
gigantic 5B Hershey chocolate bars as a
prize and I won it my dad didn't
let me eat it he made me like cut it up
into pieces and bring it into my class
to share with everybody which in Hind
site was the right thing definitely the
right way absolutely like Primo
parenting moment but yeah was not
happy about
it it's kind of funny what a thing to
give to a kid yeah five PBS there's a
picture of me like seven or something
and like holding this thing that I could
like it looks so big because I'm so
small oh my goodness
all right let's get out of here all
right thanks for tuning in we'll see you
again next week same bad time same bad
Channel bye
[Music]